the next weekend , i was asked to please stay home .
my allergies were too bad and i had to go back home .
avery regretted what she did the next day .
josh got sick .
he felt inspiration and then went back home to write .
the cashier handed them the cash so they would go away .
they called the police to come to my house .
kerry was so grateful !
franny learned to examine her prejudices .
luckily he had been saving everything on an external disk .
ari opens the jar to find perfect pickles .
trudey hoped self-publishing would be more profitable .
feliciano was happy about his nice day .
aaron suggested he help her cook another meal instead .
oliver was so grateful for his wife's love .
somebody found her cat .
kelly was so happy to finally beat it .
deb said yes to tim's marriage proposal .
i loved them anyway .
i have very fond memories of checkers .
she loved her new phone .
they were on sale .
gina decided to go outside and pick some of the weeds .
she was offered the new job at a higher salary .
my parents gave me enough money to buy the console .
felipe visited germany again later in his life .
miles decided that he needed to be more careful .
johnny did not ask anita out again .
he was near death for sure , he would be gone before night's end .
tom hurried to study as much as possible before the test .
he decided to buy more lunch and then he felt sick .
jill and her dad took both kittens home .
i got a nice sun tan that day .
the dog ran home with his tail between his legs .
peter's daughter enjoyed the music .
yao placed in two categories .
mary was glad she learned to jump rope .
he filled my order .
his friend loved the tacos that scott cooked .
he was asked to join the team .
beth had just won the lottery !
the water exploded .
her best friend was elated .
gordon vows to be more careful next time .
the police had to come to break up the argument .
mike was sad to see his girlfriend with someone else .
kara asked the neighbors not to put out dog treats in their yard .
after saving her , we were all relieved .
the harpooner went down with the ship .
sarah was so depressed .
after that , we went home and peacefully slept .
she thought she could be an honorary aunt .
a big wave knocked mary down .
ashley got a part time job too .
josh loved the outdoors .
we had court side seats .
it was just what she wanted .
i know i'll get there one day .
she had a wonderful time .
he thanked his parents for taking him to a movie .
he couldn't find the tuna .
to his relief she accepted .
lira never listened to the rappers music again .
caitlin felt guilty and came clean to her mom .
andrea introduced the dog to the family .
they got married eight months later .
each time she rode a different animal making her happy .
my friends stopped playing to help me off the field .
my rehab therapist is motivational .
i took them back to the store and got a different size .
a stranger had found her purse and returned it to the restaurant .
a year later he was promoted again .
i was really happy to see her and we made plans .
she tried to be as quiet as possible while she sobbed .
gina had a great time .
agatha decided to return them .
their parents said yes , and they went to the movies .
he did a great job .
so she got cozy with the agent .
she then brought out a cake and they all felt better .
before long sarah began getting better at algebra .
he built his very own tractor .
bill was the proudest .
dan was able to find an owner for the dog .
a passer-by helped her up and helped her collect the papers .
the bradleys then had a great camping trip .
don and his wife got the movie .
after much wasted money , the tattoo was gone .
jon was happy to see his weight loss results .
the home team's stands were full when the game began .
all of his roommates made coffee .
maggie and her dog are best friends .
ella realized it really didn't matter what dress she chose .
ben never starts working out .
our daughter was very thankful for the gift .
chris then opened a business and became successful .
after listening , the kids then made wonderful art .
mom will never shop at that store at night again .
finally sal got to the next level with the help of his cousin .
after he quit , he managed to find a better job .
bob was nervous about what the cleaners would think of him .
it was a spectacular and memorable night .
i gave in and accepted the food since i was hungry .
she asked the shelter worker about adopting the dog .
rufus had determination .
the story quickly replaced his stereo .
fortunately , her son was too young to remember her mistake .
kate won one hundred dollars .
his family loved it .
lily enjoyed writing the book .
drew made a mess .
the phone broke .
the engine roared and off gordon went .
so , mary decided to walk to work rather than wait for the bus .
i made the painting and felt proud .
dawn felt happy about getting away with it .
sam liked it .
a year later they were married .
tim is happy to go to the coffee shop every day .
the wine tasted delicious , which made me very happy .
they find out the house has already been sold .
afraid of germs , kate and greg threw the candy in the trash .
larry learned a lot about copyright from his experience .
they had more fun at the resort than they would have at the park .
we had a great time together .
i'll never buy proactiv again .
they said yes !
so shannon decided to look for her necklace at home .
sandy could now see in her home .
so she borrowed the money from a friend .
hank was disappointed there weren't any white cars left in stock .
i think she'll be surprised and delighted by all of it .
clayton is very happy with his new car .
now horatio enjoys traveling to many big cities .
he jumped , startled and ran for his house .
his dad's teasing makes henry feel bad .
samantha likes the color of her car now .
alex started a home business as one extra credit assignment .
ivan apologized and turned the oven off .
the worker recommended a few different computers to molly .
he was scolded .
before long , he was a happy and successful pig farmer .
the man was caught cheating .
maya felt scared .
gina was happy that she got to see her show .
anna was proud of her hard work paying off .
neil fed the dog all of his eggplant .
cara's husband decided to go buy wood .
everyone in the class was very excited !
she arrived to her sister's house afterwards .
but i do it anyway because i'm afraid he will leave me .
he sighed and kept watching the movie .
he said yes .
sarah save the video .
amy was disappointed .
the family was glad they spotted the museum .
soon , jean had two pet anoles .
petey was so disappointed that the game was gone .
tom was a bad sport and punched peyton in the face .
josh revealed he was in love with pam too .
all got a strike and was very happy .
roberto liked to train others how to box .
eric then left work to go settle down .
she was mad when i showed it to her .
after that , she decided to carry mace with her when jogging .
susie loved the goat very much .
she found a wonderful home right by her job .
unfortunately , it was the girl who scored well .
they gave tom a new latte with less ice .
andrew said that he was going to have to find a new career .
the cat caught a mouse .
i called my friend who loves basketball and asked him for help .
i was lucky to make it to the hospital .
kyrie yelped and ran away from her cat .
billy exchanged several of his coins for the baseball .
kim had body image issues .
lucy was ecstatic !
sitting on her bed was a small , grey kitten .
ben was devastated .
kimmy was very excited .
colin made lots of friends .
i'm sure i'll figure out a place for it eventually .
we are happy about having a child .
bob believed that there were good people in the world .
when they exited the cafe , casey confronted tom .
i decided to head to starbucks instead .
sarah then happily watched the show .
benny's team won the title .
danny never ate peas again .
i was so happy when i made it back to my house .
the teacher eventually stopped putting her pencil cup out .
tom decided to buy more racing games to enjoy the wheel with .
kevin and his girlfriend liked doing things together .
my cousins sued the water company .
she saved enough money to buy a cell phone on her own .
gina changed her mind after the bully walked by and hit her .
jake bought 15 shirts .
my brother freaked out .
don had a great time skating for the first time .
brian and his girlfriend had sex after they got home .
lizzie's children had to negotiate their mother's belongings .
bob worked hard and reopened his business .
the coach told him he'd made the team .
he loved the clean , fresh air .
they have fun gossiping .
she won the game by guessing correctly .
the rich man was hated .
opal asked her aunt to make her some stew .
she ate them both right away !
nelly wanted nice weather .
when it was finished , we enjoyed the delicious peach ice cream .
the doctor greeted him calmly and he felt better .
dan went to the dance and had a lot of fun .
jill ate it and it kept her going until lunch .
ed was shocked called the police for an investigation .
john's dog was scolded severely .
sam was happy with the dentist he chose .
tom's dad was always there for tom .
she woke up her roommate .
paulo likes his candles .
clint shot wildly as they burst through the door .
a new spot had opened up and kayla could be in the show .
ralph is glad he looks cleaner .
simon's parents were mad at tiny .
david rode his bike every day .
i left with a new crown .
walter realized he'd accidentally been pulling up her flowers !
she loved it .
rory got very sick and vomited all over the sidewalk .
thomas became friends with the smaller kid .
after an hour the floor was gleaming and mary was very pleased .
their mom could still tell them apart , though .
geno struggles for a while but gets the hang of it .
james woke up later and felt much better .
janet was content with the result of the match .
the waiter gave them more time .
jack was shook up .
kenya screamed .
she called her parents right away to share the good news .
he found a rare plant .
the migraines lessened their intensity .
francine then became more comfortable .
his family loved it .
i brought the beer home and enjoyed my first legal drink !
the finished the castle in two hours .
shawn hopes the pillow works .
he was happy he decided to go on the balloon ride .
the neighbor ended up just driving her to work himself .
i was very angry at jarrett .
amy went online to watch it instead .
daniel always felt that dumplings were a good deal .
my girlfriend was happy that i remembered her birthday .
he ended up having a wonderful time with his co-workers .
ed's parents were proud .
felipe wanted to make grits more often .
the bank tellers always sighed but didn't mind olaf .
gina ate some of the mincemeat pie .
so taylor got a job .
when gina went home she cried to her mom .
michael was more careful with his calendars in the future .
the new accountant wanted to adjust to his surroundings .
cary was still terrible and everyone made fun of her again .
aya was thrilled !
liza hurried to shore .
they got married and had nothing further to do with me .
we had them start the work the next day .
tom was able to build the boat within one month .
he barely made it in time .
bradley failed and was upset .
it took some time , but kelly found her earring again .
he put the letter back in the mailbox .
harry was very sad .
hank decided he liked his beard .
samantha was able to break the ice by talking about peaches .
tara was grateful to her boss .
earl was shocked as jack drove away .
his mom said yes he could keep the puppy .
now , playing or seeing baseball on tv reminds me of my father .
the headache went away in about twenty minutes .
the jars made great holiday gifts for friends and family .
mary felt very hurt .
ron was happy because he knew how to speak spanish .
shelly was sad and learned her lesson .
penny loved gaming .
kimmy saw several owls fly away into the night .
sal was excited for his future with the businessman .
while he chased the bird , more pigeons ran after his food .
stella wondered what was going on .
he bought the drone .
jordyn wants to meet mickey mouse .
we all love ice cream .
ray hoped the bear wouldn't find him .
rachel ignored their cruel comments .
ida thought the hardwood floors made her house feel like a home .
now my sister-in-law has to use dentures .
jon spent the rest of the night with friends .
jimmy was very happy to have a job right after graduating .
ray threw his pork chops in the trash can .
rick learned a valuable lesson that week .
frank was very grateful for the gift .
julie's first goal won the game .
i find driving much more convenient than bikes and mass transit .
molly had a great day .
tim was very thankful .
i was relieved .
rich was successful in alcoholics anonymous and became a sponsor .
they made it home safely .
dana felt flustered and pushed her feet away .
june cried herself to sleep and woke up hungry in the morning .
janice was thrilled and happy for the rest of the day .
the stranger offered them hot chocolate .
by the time i woke up , the casserole was burned .
they immediately gave me anti-poison drugs .
his mom left .
missy decided to go back to the carnival the next day .
he was very happy to see snow for the first time .
jim cooked the pizza as soon as he got home .
jessica was sad that she had lost anna as a friend .
everyone complimented her on her choice in clothing .
she went to the police and filed a report .
todd told his mom that he wanted to go again .
steve is proud of his egg hunt .
sheena felt terrible .
she went inside a nearby cafe .
i stayed calm , but cried after we were finished .
he finally was able to be on time .
jane had discipline .
jon was extremely upset that he had been scammed .
tom enjoyed the taste of the filtered water .
dan became depressed for a year .
billy picked up several books to take with him .
bill enjoyed a burger there .
eric got stung by many bees .
bertha bought a bright red wig with frosted blonde tips .
tim's family pretended to like the banana pizza .
kyle got the job .
thankfully , he recovered .
eddie had the best day with his dad !
a charity gave sarah money to pay her power bill .
luckily , it didn't rain .
theo set up an audition .
as she descended , she screamed with terror and joy .
sam was excited to serve the food .
i'm worried about the weather .
he turned off the stove and cleaned up the kitchen .
the sullivans had a memorable time .
phil thanked the guy behind the counter .
when he plugged it back in , it worked .
she explained that shane was a bad influence on john .
her boss took up a collection to help her out .
neil had an excellent vacation .
tom scrambled back inside the car when the moose charged .
eventually he started getting great grades .
pam was satisfied .
bill and his friends then had fun playing .
barry and his father spent the afternoon fixing the window .
when it was done he put in some butter and ate it .
my dog seemed to really enjoy the experience , so we went more .
gertrude wonders if she could find a decent job in atlanta .
mark was embarrassed .
sara stood up and limped back home .
when she got home from the park , gina was too tired to work .
kori scored a b .
trudy was called and told she got the job .
joe was grateful .
eventually i stopped smoking .
but he figured he would try to make the most of it .
marsha began to replace her popped tire .
the mechanic told her the light was just malfunctioning .
julie got to name the new flower .
amy was looking forward to it greatly .
henderson's coffee shop was very successful .
sandy screamed and ran !
she couldn't wait to get her new glasses .
i found my phone under the couch !
i immediately dug into my book .
the dogs love digging in their hole .
my brother and i have so much fun we made plans to go again .
he stopped coming around .
randy was thrilled !
laura bonded with the kitten .
i put a lot of effort into the paper .
the balls looked amazing .
neil enjoyed sicily .
eric started crying and went to find his mommy .
he absolutely loved the movie and the wait was well worth it !
mark adopted the lab .
i vowed to beat him the next time !
greg decided not to eat at his computer desk anymore .
kay did not buy the art set .
collin was upset with his boss .
his dad walked him through how to tie the tie .
the mustard came out and no one was the wiser .
greg realized the garden was not getting sufficient sunlight .
his doctors save his life .
now i only call people in the afternoon .
he saved for a year and never spent any .
she was happy she won .
bon and luc had a great time in america .
we felt very unsafe with the driver's speed .
the glasses helped .
he found one that offered the same coverage for $80 less .
mike hung up on him .
they bloomed right on schedule .
brenda started to compete after joining the team .
paul went and started noticing improvements .
andy's wrist was broken .
ala won the game .
dana found her keys in her back pocket .
saul's career took off .
hearing from heather made her day .
she was devastated .
the popsicles froze after a couple of hours .
eunice has found peace .
just then , a large cruise ship passed and he was rescued .
beth confronted her coworker about it .
jerry stopped running .
she was sad to see it go .
he sold the car and solved his money problems .
we became great friends !
lars wasn't able to find a controller .
the news agent told me to give him the rest of the money later .
he planned to visit his friends earlier than usual .
he calls them back and schedules an interview .
charles lost interest in sherry when she became self supporting .
joan regretted her new hobby .
now my books are organized .
all projects were completed on time and all were correct .
eli's parents found out and were angry at him .
carla decided to eat somewhere else .
the band went on to be very successful .
nancy was a thoughtless parent .
tina admired the butterfly .
marcus wore the hat the next day .
he found it very gratifying to share his expertise with people .
i was sad to see them leave when they went home .
the lab and dennis became best friends .
all my friends had a lot of fun at the party .
tim was glad to have somewhere to stay .
i wish he had been sunny .
later on , she meets a handsome gentleman .
she wished she'd listened to her mother's advice .
the corn was delicious .
tom complained all evening about the turkey burgers .
but realized he needed to be potty-trained .
paul promised to stop procrastinating .
he finally calmed down and enjoyed it .
his work shirt was ruined .
ivy ended up loving summer camp .
tim could finally write his paper on bats .
the glue held and i drank out of the cups .
after several weeks of trying , she finally succeeds .
the police arrest him .
jane was happy with the ending of the series .
now they can really enjoy their favorite shows and movies .
eric was mortified .
john suffocated as the weights crushed his chest .
theodore passed the test .
tom recalled how great it was to have met allie .
sue decides to forget the man .
she placed an order online .
i just want to survive .
jack was shocked .
amelia ate the dandelion salad .
reggie woke up in a hay field with a bad hangover .
bob enjoyed entertaining the kids .
larry's favorite dish to cook is lasagna .
jake gave the squirrel a name .
it was the best day of birthday she could have imagined .
i saw a report about the shoplifter on the news that night .
from then on , i felt more confident playing football .
florence and her new friends went fishing again the next day .
sarah's parents were upset and moved her curfew even earlier .
tim and his friends ran before the man could see them .
the office worker knew it was going to be a long day .
she decided to give the teapot to her niece .
neil had a great time .
i hope my plants survive .
stacey decided they were just weird .
i decided to keep the cat .
the first girl was very upset .
betty was outraged and returned it .
she had a great time .
by the end of it she was in tears and being held down .
nita was pleased she could show off her costume and keep warm .
melanie's house ended up burning down .
joe fell over the edge .
now they were awesome .
now matt and kyle can go bowling more often .
he thought about her all day .
we were relieved .
jolene was even more late .
natalie died a bitter crone , loved by no one .
i lost a lot of money .
they offered her a job .
sal loved the smell of sandalwood .
her friends noticed she was embarrassed and decided to comfort her .
alfred had a great time and was happy .
his parents learned that cody had been exaggerating .
i was so disappointed that i missed the concert .
jen surprised the judges with how well she sang .
i flattened it for my journal .
he became very depressed .
john decided to make more scarves in his spare time .
fanny is having a difficult time making friends .
he went to the restaurant with his girlfriend and had a nice meal .
my mother said she thought mine was the oddest looking .
michelle then went on a date with the man and fell in love .
i apologized and turned it down .
iris purchased the wine .
i was frustrated and scared about their lack of response .
harold's feet hurt after the concert .
the cashier unhappily obliged .
john decided to be a better boss .
i found the puppy i wanted and brought her home .
not wanting him to grab the belt back , i ran out of the house .
he knew his next bill would be lower .
dan bought his boat and spent the whole day sailing .
marge treated janet to dinner for trying to warn her .
the restaurant manager apologized and gave her a gift card .
afterward , bobby and friends were covered in snow .
he was so excited to finally have a drum set .
leopold found his iguana under the couch that evening .
it was a learning experience .
she decided to be more careful when she skipped .
the man eventually died .
ava started shaving right away .
she was pleased that she sold several copies .
agatha found the oven was turned off .
her son had taken an egg from the ice box and put it in the nest .
tom was very happy to now be surfing quickly .
hannah loved the craft project .
jessie went to prom with john .
he looked for his dog and then found his shoe .
i was relieved when i finally turned the essay in .
she then found them online and ordered them .
i told him i felt the same way .
her cousin then mailed her the book back .
she apologized to him .
stevie was able to buy a new skateboard .
she was sad that her friend's hadn't come to see her .
i did not realize where my briefcase was .
martina fell to her knees and began to sob .
soon she could walk along while holding on to furniture .
jim was extremely bored .
the supervisor fired him .
bill thinks that the bronco got lucky .
nina was on the road to recovery .
mary forgave paul .
bob picked up all the nice things that his uncle left him .
she played small venues regularly and became well known .
i began painting the rain .
he enjoyed the weather .
joey had a great time .
gina now knows not to inhale the incense smoke .
samantha looked around and left .
peter bought noodles .
pam gave archie some food in an attempt to calm him down .
larry was bruised after a while .
he took his shoes off as soon as he could .
after their date , robert and sue decided to have a second one .
i enjoyed the movie very much .
teresa was so grateful she gave miles a kiss right on the spot .
with the bumper in his trunk , bob made it to his parent's house .
john then left and felt decent about himself .
billy passed the test .
finally the sink was repaired .
mary decided to take her husband to the game again next week .
nathaniel thrived and went on to a good university .
he went to the store and found a bag that worked properly .
john's parents were very proud of him .
jane was disappointed .
water skiing is mike's favorite activity .
ally's dog was worn out for the rest of the night .
perry was placated .
ellie was very independent .
but jill's mother was grateful anyway .
they gave the book to her dad for father's day .
gina went home without checking out a book .
he broke his rules and drove her home .
i have decided that i will never overeat on pizza day again .
mac's tie looked great and everyone gave him compliments .
then , brock asked me to go to japan with him .
anna slept much better .
she worried that her mother would be upset .
she was thrilled .
kevin later died in the hospital .
dylan was able to purchase his new video game .
andrew was sad , but the money was needed .
jim headed to the store to buy a sled .
lou was happy a subscriber recognized him .
by the time they got to the training , they felt like friends .
he requested to have his money refunded from them .
travis was kicked out of the marines .
it needed more sugar !
i was very disappointed to see that that restaurant had closed .
i urged my aunt and mom that there was an emergency .
later that day , ben sold his chair for $50 .
he got a great job and lived a happy life .
he decided to take a cab and go home .
lucy was very happy to start ballet .
amy's shorts were uncomfortable .
i was so embarrassed after the kiss .
there were many different pieces missing .
the salesman regretted being such a cad .
she left him a very angry voicemail .
joey holds the football every time he watches a chiefs game .
the cat was grateful .
audrey was happy with her first day of school .
i then went to sleep feeling happy about my life .
tara bought a bulb .
he realized that his hot water ran out .
john decided to try again and work passed the crows .
but the watch was gone forever .
adam played frisbee with them .
braden got hired to the modelling job .
the janitor was annoyed when tom tracked mud on the clean floor .
irene felt proud seeing her costumes on stage .
i could see fish swimming in the coral reef .
maybe tami wouldn't be her friend anymore .
gina decided she liked it as much as the first one .
lee's arm started to bleed where the tick had been .
lots of people got sick .
the crowd cheered .
arthur died in the fire .
kim decided to only eat the meatless parts of the meals .
john played to the best of his ability .
aaron saved the swan's life .
jim felt proud .
maddie wondered how max would react to her two dads .
i met up with another friend and we enjoyed ourselves .
she leaned over and kissed him .
but my dog went and got it .
she had won the drawing and the turkey was hers .
their business became a success .
i was sad my kitten was so ill .
jim ended up in the hospital .
james's cat started getting better shortly after .
trisha made the child sleep on the kitchen floor with a blanket .
even the neighborhood dogs stay out of buttons' way .
pat never talked to that girl again .
they storm passed without any flooding .
he called his neighbor and asked him to remove the spider .
he was happy that his friend agreed to the swap .
all of the children called kenny a chicken the next day .
fred brought the ice to the barbecue .
jack's foot hurt horribly and he decided to be more careful .
she realized she was going to like the school .
it was her boyfriend come to pick her up .
a couple of days later , i started to feel better , thank god !
barry enjoyed the show and had a good night .
ben was very disappointed .
hopefully i be able to get through the exam .
he was glad that he hadn't listened to his friends .
gina found a secluded spot by herself .
i felt upset .
he booked the trip the second he got home .
there i found a sign that said no dune buggies allowed .
lee's mom was very happy when she received it .
jeff was glad to help them .
gina was annoyed .
the bear fell asleep after that .
i watched the zebras run away in the distance .
no one made fun of jamie and her love of baseball again .
she felt at home .
billy's brand of apples became a success thanks to his passion .
rick thought geckos were totally worth the trip .
i was happy i passed .
jenny was very happy with the contents of her easter eggs .
he was the greatest general ever .
tina is very relieved and puts on the shoes .
lynn and her friends snuck out of the basement door .
now brittany's father wears a boa around his neck .
the family opted to take the dog home with them .
gradually , gavin's archery skills improved .
his neighbors were much quieter afterwards .
he loved his mom's lessons .
peter decided to buy the pair and went home .
the turtle climbed back into the lake .
i finally saw my first concert and it was amazing .
francis shivers and starts walking to a park .
tina made her client very happy with her diligence .
curtis' team carried him off in happiness .
i'm sure their kids will hate mowing lawns as well .
the baby gently fell asleep .
bob was able to wear his glasses again after getting them fixed .
i laughed a lot through the film .
i balked at her foot odor .
the mother got offended and told them off .
gina did not like funerals .
he had caught an old boot .
the parrot turned out to be a great companion .
ara got a standing ovation for her solo .
tim called an exterminator .
there he found it under a seat .
she decided to find a different career .
jilly was excited .
my daughter learned her lesson the hard way .
alex decided to start over from the beginning .
tue loved her new blanket and adam was happy .
louis took a pain relieving medication .
jenny continued taking a walk every evening after that .
she was tired afterwards .
she won a tap dancing contest .
how sad jasper cannot see it unless he looks in a mirror !
sarah no longer had a bike to ride and was sad .
i then found my spare key and entered .
ted was proud of his efforts .
jess was upset that it was taken away .
after an hour the rain cleared and we started driving again .
her mom made her brother give her his .
hallie was sent to bed without supper .
her sister gave her the phone .
he left the circus right away .
sue drove to a hamburger joint .
afterwards we ate lunch together .
they were both happy to be friends again .
she had a long talk with the teacher after class .
she called the cops on her sell and the arrested the robber .
i love french fries .
the two became a very loving couple .
aspen began to panic .
tony went to the docks to find an apprenticeship .
they made her a thank you card .
kelly related her bad experience on the grocery store's website .
she poured , and ate a large bowl of cereal for breakfast .
jessica decided to train even harder .
he played the game until he had finished every level .
andy was grateful and gave his wife a kiss .
susan knew the choice she made was difficult but for the best .
dave felt prepared for the game .
the girl rejected him .
martha was very proud of her accomplishment .
samantha really enjoyed the meal .
tia couldn't wait to try the sundae .
she was shocked by the clarity of the headphones .
he became an avid reader .
he became very good at video games .
olivia is about to leave .
the seller accepted and john was the proud owner of a new home !
they felt terribly about losing all of their money .
i liked the new brand that i bought .
henry's teammates made fun of him for having dirty pants .
javier is now early to work .
ella felt great from the encouragement .
matthew hated brad .
one day her husband found out and divorced her .
i finally finished it on time .
alanna was able to kiss her crush when her grades improved .
everyone was devastated .
afterwords , he was very rested .
that was a great day for cis .
marta attended the ceremony .
katie walked away smiling after helping the beggar .
he was so proud of himself !
then he threw it .
she immediately confronted the tattoo artist .
sadie and her friend made plans to visit the museum .
loo and his friends found the box .
lou met bex and wondered if he had made the right choice .
anne dropped four sizes in six months .
she chose a bright pink color for her polish .
kay and her mom then made up .
jenny would always remember to pack a water bottle .
nancy felt frustrated .
we decided to repeat this vacation destination in the future .
they got divorced .
john actually had gotten 70% correct .
kim felt it was love at first sight .
we had a great time .
jake got into a great college .
he broke his arm .
the ball lit up as the countdown started .
ed called the restaurant and complained .
mike was upset at his friend .
he was so excited to ace it .
the sister helped him find the perfect ring .
when the trip was over , charles and his friends went home .
hearing conversations around him perk up his mood .
haley screamed until a teacher came and helped her .
the carrots finally began to sprout .
to cassie's surprise they gave her a call back .
jerry was excited to see what was under the paper .
i was tired all day .
mary texted back .
i worried that my computer had a virus .
gina was depressed because her friends were ignoring her .
danny was upset with himself .
then they had sex .
he jumped for joy when his mother brought his sister home .
linda left as soon as she could .
mark found the work at home on a table under the mail .
the dog longed for companionship .
she had a great time .
tonight they will get a mousetrap to catch the mouse .
we went home after a nice experience .
they were proud of their eggs .
my friend left and i was happy about the experience .
i deleted her from all of my social media .
susan was more careful when she swam .
they repaired the outage .
i had to change clothes afterwards .
i started saving money .
aya waited with anticipation .
the popsicles are great .
fred was very happy .
i was so relieved !
she hugged everyone and cried in joy .
stacie then fed the ducks and enjoyed it .
kelly told all her friends about the app .
sue was upset to learn that she had messed up the recipe .
jim got a promotion for doing such a good job .
amy bought the necklace proudly .
i feel bad for my dog .
they thanked me very much for finding their dog .
they were suspended for a day .
finally , people wanted to listen to his music .
he was able to repair the heater at a fair price .
ned decided to come back for a visit .
they considered seeing a family counselor to help with everything .
the food had arrived and carl was excited .
jim was scared .
i bought a different strap .
the police broke up the fight and questioned everyone .
she was enjoyed her first night at her job .
jay barely passed the test .
after a few minutes , the lights came back on .
dave was happy that he went to the hockey game .
the waltons were very relaxed .
tommy couldn't swim , so he just watched bill go into the surf .
she realized she mixed in too much water and it tasted bad .
they all took photo's to post on their facebook pages .
they bought the land from the man for a million dollars .
tay had much more time to do things outside the house .
with her mother's help myla memorized her lines quickly .
i was glad to get rid of the trash .
anne was not pleased that it was raining .
both of them became great square dancing partners .
ally is grateful to fred .
we love participating in this cultural event .
he likes all the money he has now .
it created such a mess , maybe it wasn't worth saving the money .
joey had a picture taken of a dragon sculpture .
i made my cousin pay for it .
he was very old .
sarah said yes .
jordan was sad and broke off his relationship with sally .
i immediately took the shirt to the dry cleaners .
samantha was so disappointed !
amy actually grew up to be a successful doctor .
he won the contest .
his veggies grow large and plentiful .
amy explained the situation and moved on .
she set her alarm for 15 minutes earlier .
sadly i had to skip building a snowman .
tom found an empty and haunted house .
mary decided to visit the orchard and pay them .
the a/c felt nice on a hot day .
lisa had a great time babysitting with her friend .
cassidy became good at baking scones .
his clothes got completely soaked .
mellie found there were shadows in the curtains .
eventually , george was able to pay the ticket .
i went on about my day .
pam finally bought the house .
she didn't wake up until the plane landed .
the family thought ted was very rude .
he knew there were severe consequences for shoplifting .
my kitty laid on my chest , and we went to sleep .
samantha learned her lesson .
katie was upset at herself for waiting until the last minute .
my teacher gave me an f for the assignment .
ethan soon became an amazing soprano .
she rolled her eyes as her folks rejoiced at all the neat things .
they were deer tracks .
kelly kept on walking .
he woke up with a terrible migraine .
kelly and steve had a beautiful wedding .
lilly had a wonderful time .
her hands got better .
they both dressed wrongly for it was a nude house warming party .
the man quickly tried to round them all up , but it was difficult .
joe arrived at school exhausted .
carl was sad because his date never called him again .
jenny decided she liked her step mother .
mill learned later that his teacher was racist .
mark sprained his wrist .
the child was happy with his nuggets .
gina decided she would wear more colorful clothing .
jake was very upset .
after two weeks , she had less bloating and felt better .
luckily , gina's teacher handed out new pencils that day .
aidan learned a lot from his mom .
her mom got angry .
later , once tia's kids were used to the taste , they acclimated .
ed was relieved .
the cat was really slow .
darren got a lot better with treatment .
now the band looks for music with xylophone arrangements .
sara decided this was her new favorite coffee .
after checking the doghouse we found the toys .
tom traded in his jacket for shorts and a t-shirt !
jim won first prize .
as she walked , miranda decided to go to bed early from now on .
my sister in law will make some money .
her mother took her to the emergency room to have it checked .
luckily gina's dad managed to get into the car and hit the brakes .
i left without paying the waiter a tip .
jake saved up a lot of money just using his metal detector .
the police came and questioned me about what i had seen .
chuck realized that it was 2 in the morning .
we all had a good time .
ross and his band scored first place .
gina ended up really loving the spanish class .
his friends gave him his favorite zoo cup .
stewart and his sister were in trouble .
tom did a good job and his girlfriend liked the pizza .
he played the game until bedtime .
the men realize the concierge's mistake and laugh uncomfortably .
brad was ecstatic !
soon they love spending time with him .
they were very excited and took lots of pictures .
the day we finally beat it was such a great day .
meanwhile , his friends were all unemployed .
i didn't need to use my phone the whole day .
i was really disappointed and hungrier than ever .
mary got a lot of positive attention .
they are very excited for a new life .
john had a lot of stupid fun .
all his friends thought his cast was cool .
he started to enjoy himself .
her sister loved the salad .
pam got burns on her chest .
as an adult i no longer am interested in meeting a girl .
we rented some bicycles and enjoyed traveling around the island .
i was really embarrassed they had to come .
ruth became sad .
julie decided it was her new favorite food .
he plugged the toaster in .
i went outside and sprayed them with the hose when they followed .
mark was proud of his efforts .
sam tried to send his letter again .
the puppy had been scratching at the fence and hurt itself .
sally was confused at what happened to the grapes .
jane thought greg might be a potential boyfriend .
blake wanted to show off his new car to everyone .
suddenly , he realized that he loved red things more !
joey spent the afternoon alone in his room grounded from friends .
they ended up taking the pizza to go .
lara decided his personal life didn't matter and enjoyed it .
amy was upset .
tyler was very pleased with himself .
jet was surprised , but happy .
janice relaxes at home and falls asleep .
we took pictures .
both ships sank before morning .
they were pleased with the cake the next day when they picked it .
rachel felt lucky .
she had a good time making the birthday video .
i was able to get gas for my car .
he sewed up the rip before it got any bigger .
everyone stared at nice dress .
they were jealous of the new boy !
i would have preferred solitude .
amy began to sweat .
everyone bought the album because it was so good .
i kept the sandwiches in the refrigerator until she arrived .
at that point , james was able to join band class .
joy enjoyed sledding for whole morning .
he went to tcu and graduated .
they had a fantastic time .
the toddler was very happy about the treats .
the teacher caught and suspended me .
he had to take his medicine as prescribed , or it wouldn't work .
the hawk flew away before i knew what to do with the shovel .
bob thinks he should stop trying to do yoga .
harry and ben loved barry's choice .
this always made her calm and relaxed .
the finally had found peace with each other .
lina was so relieved !
tom was enraged .
the cake turned out perfectly .
the shop fixed her computer .
jordan gave up .
i played it until i ran out of money .
so he went to florida .
ed's feet immediately felt better .
his mother found out and made him confess .
we won the game and received an awesome prize .
he fell so in love with the scenery that he eventually moved .
they had to push the car .
i woke up when the bell rang for class to be over .
kaleb soon became a regular on the team .
he woke up feeling better than he had in a long time .
they all enjoyed the cabin .
amy found out that dinner had been finished for hours .
after taking care of don , he was able to heal properly .
jane left old navy to try jeans on at another store .
she opened the door and left .
alfred realized it was his dog .
she got the horse she always wanted .
i picked up the piano and then went home .
when nancy woke up , it was time to go home .
gina folded the bedspread so she could carry it easier .
fred turned in his story and got an a+ .
matt's mom eventually got him the shoes .
she found a great yellow one .
donald was thrilled .
they found some e-sized shoes for him which fit well .
i am very proud of my new running shoes .
debbie practiced every day for four hours .
tina was satisfied .
jerry burned his house down .
she sliced it perfectly the first time .
the whole family was wet at the end of the day .
she won first prize that day .
allison and her neighbor then made plans to walk more .
ed went home and thanked his mom for the food she provided .
georgia made a great looking pumpkin when she finished .
matt was in great physical shape and joined the army .
the pilgrims refused to enter the gift shop .
they all had a good time .
they were forced to operate on me and then i felt better .
at the end of the day , danny and his grandpa flew the kite .
betsy helped her brother learn to shuffle the cards .
the cats tore through the tree .
jim quit his job and found a new one the next day .
joey felt very grown up .
she had to ask a doctor to take the toenail out of her foot .
the astronaut felt a surge of excitement .
i was glad i found exactly what i was looking for .
he went out to dinner with his best friend to celebrate .
allen gave up on the idea of chopping down that tree .
james was sad with his mother's comments .
she wrote the food network to see if she could go on the show .
she decided to take the rest of the day off .
todd loved the place on first sight .
daniel is thrilled .
jake pulled himself out of debt .
ron's tree would shade others for years to come .
he has been managing it well .
the rose was perfect .
linda was determined .
he soon had to find a house to move to .
the dog had gravy on his face from the mans dinner .
when she was done eating , she went to the restroom to clean up .
gina did not like dave .
aya became famous for her landscape pictures .
tyler was computer literate .
the bus arrived on time and alex got to work .
tim was unprepared and failed the test .
i cut down on soda until i didn't drink it anymore .
i watched the rest of the movie by myself .
stanley was very upset .
it was yummy !
they were all impressed .
amy decided to hire a professional .
she caught them before they burned her piano .
lisa broke her kite when a seagull got tangled in the line .
nell's mom thought it was very nice .
he vowed to stop staring .
i sat down and continued to enjoy the smells from the kitchen .
barry won the coin toss .
joe decided to go on a diet .
she asked me to call an ambulance .
ted was relieved when santa brought him exactly what he wanted .
kelly jumped for joy .
john made the track team and won .
jo enjoyed time at home much more after his move .
i told her i liked her .
he had to buy new ones .
cindy cried at the end of the story .
after taking out the trash his bed still smelled .
ann quickly cleaned up the broken glass and threw it away .
jane was starting to feel she had witch's curse reversal powers .
eileen and the girl became friends .
i wanted the pretzels .
they all told her that they enjoyed it very much .
nick ran the bases with a big smile on his face .
they remarked how tasty the chicken was .
kaylie decided martin was not faithful .
they both agreed it was a wonderful date .
she then had to purchase another candy apple .
the audience's laughter told ella she should pursue her dream .
finally the rash disappears completely .
kelly was grounded for a week .
sarah was proud of her children .
blake felt lucky to have such good boots .
terry got the baby to calm down .
christian was worried he was going to be late for school .
i started to feel better .
kevin declared bankruptcy ,
anna regained her confidence by wearing her bandana .
lane promptly adopted the puppy .
all the homeless people were happy to get a treat .
they felt good .
timothy realized morgan was probably right about the music .
dad got what he wanted , though .
everyone was very disappointed .
she thanked the lady profusely .
on the way , she reveals the surprise to her delighted children .
joy had brought a gun and shot both the bullies in the face .
i will look for a new job .
gina bought a new cd player .
frank made a fool of himself .
roy went home with the tickets .
derrek was finally able to buy the piano .
mary loved sweets .
i eventually won .
later she stopped by and they all had dinner together .
roger loved racing so much that he accepted his wheelchair .
my friends and i had a lot of fun playing and then went home .
andy was not happy !
howard liked socializing .
chevy chased him down and beat him up eventually .
bill called the number again and yelled until he was satisfied .
the manager fired the stealing employee .
jenna's friends loved shopping .
doug decided to try the buffet .
rick felt shame for losing so badly .
both dogs happily continued to play in the snow .
her teacher sentenced her to detention .
her parents were very upset when they found out .
the customer thanked noah .
after the trip , stuart felt much better .
jeff beat his old record and was happy .
we went home and decided that was a favorite movie of ours' .
evan decided he liked high school .
i won the bet .
she realized she loved board games .
abigail was relieved to get her kitty out of the tree .
tim's skills improved over time .
ophelia feels proud of herself .
amanda had to get a new phone .
ed was scared .
ted smiled when he saw it was joe .
she decided it would be wrong to drink it .
margaret cherished the repaired bear .
i felt like a true coward .
we manage .
sam curled into a little ball of fear right there in the street .
gina decided to sleep on the couch alone .
i plan to go back every week .
they both came back perfectly relaxed .
jackson's friend loves the painting .
jerry and stacey remembered this day for the rest of their lives .
i will always cherish that day .
jamie was very embarrassed .
gina had to take the day off from school .
her mother punished her for losing the key .
felicia is excited to begin a new life .
avery put on her shoes and began her trek .
nate decided to buy a bicycle instead .
afterwards i got to meet my son .
tammy was pleased with lunch .
they couldn't put aside their differences and stabbed each other .
john was embarrassed and vowed to never fall asleep again .
patty had a great time with her friends .
erica was happy to help her co workers .
maya said yes .
angelina finishes making the apple pie .
ana also got splinters in her lips !
amy was pleased with the moving company .
he purchased another private beach .
eric wrote a bad review on the clown online .
kelsey was upset to find that her phone broke .
sally loved blueberries .
she was so scared that she screamed during the whole ride .
neil had a new appreciation for the outback .
we were finally able to coax the cat out with treats .
pat asked the technician to remove the virus .
he liked to order the " catch of the day . "
she decided on the name " pat " for her new baby .
i swore to always wear sunscreen in the future .
pat had to go to the hospital .
jane was crushed .
joe went to inspect the damage .
it was a the new doll she asked her mother for .
they had a happy , but cramped holiday .
i regretted having not cleaned the filter .
lily posted what had happened to all the social media sites .
but after working hard , he managed to pass .
i was glad that i got braces .
alice worked with him and he became more obedient .
she pressed the towel to her forehead .
she was happy to find a rare album she had been looking for .
ronald was glad he hadn't called the plumber .
may achieved her goal of running the mile in under five minutes .
i had a great time .
the worker found her suitcase and gave it to her .
mia was upset she couldn't buy the gift .
george is excited for his second date with mary .
leah finally obtained her driver's license .
the next year , frank made the team .
my friend didn't like people smoking in the car .
this was jim's proudest moment as a parent .
tina saved enough on the bag to pay for the flight to paris .
he decided to call in sick .
i told her that i will see her later .
the elderly customer was quite amusing .
it was one of her best games .
he asked her to marry him , and she said yes .
hank got a few dollars .
dave was glad he went .
she vowed to keep in touch with her new friends .
anna used the money to help abused animals .
tina's sister vowed to get even .
i took my new bunny home and loved it .
it should be a very fun night .
mark and carol arrange a second date .
walter had to cancel his plans .
timothy eat the cupcake in one big bite .
mick sent home relaxed , but empty-handed .
mark wanted to meet the baby .
my son loves his grandma .
rex wears his glasses everyday .
john eventually moved to hollywood .
his parents made him go to school , and he got an f in science .
it was less hassle than he thought it would be .
she thought about her friends during the train ride .
the waiter had spit into the chief's food .
one of the lobsters pinched his hand causing him to scream .
both countries were ravaged by war .
ava was glad to have just won five dollars .
bill received his license that day .
bob took shorter steps so it was easier for sally to keep up .
the letter told me i did not get accepted to college .
there i found exactly what i was looking for !
i started to run after the dog .
rubia then became very nice to us .
i won the raffle !
the nurse told her not to wear heels anymore .
tyrone threw a touchdown .
leah thought it was gross .
they sent him on his way and prepared for the storm .
emily was crushed and heart broken .
we were so relieved !
jane realized it was her boyfriend and accepted his proposal .
i'm glad i know what the problem is now .
sally failed in her efforts to complete the assignment .
joe slipped and paid the ultimate price .
martha was sad when no birds made use of it .
so she started making them earn their luxuries .
he learned he didn't like the opera .
jay become slightly less poor from amazon mturk .
i was sad when my candidate lost the election .
now his house can stay cool all summer .
sheepishly , he brought it to the dealership for repair .
robert had enough money to then get the ring .
and they won .
ida asked her husband what he thought about irene .
ava felt very good about what she had done .
i had run out of milk .
harry's hunger is satiated .
jimmy and his dog were soon happily reunited .
the teacher was impressed and gave her an a on her exam .
he saved enough money from his work to buy a car .
phillip became confident .
sandra vowed she would never eat lobster again .
the burn hurt her skin a bit .
john then fell down and died .
jim was delighted .
he wept as the verdict was being read .
joe quickly collected his things and went to the shelter .
vanessa caught her snooping , and fired her .
the apple tree was still there .
it was the beginning of a great relationship .
sandy was sad .
mary was disappointed .
gus tried to get the money so he could get his things back .
lily was glad to buy a new coat .
he went home and happily kissed his wife .
stella struggled through the basketball game .
she proceeded to eat all the nuts in the dish .
they agreed on a name for the team and joined a league .
i felt so defeated .
samantha called me the next day and offered me the job .
john is getting nervous .
susan was witnessing her first earthquake .
the kids were scared .
i carried the team .
albert was ecstatic !
nick won a thousand dollars .
john had a sever case of flu .
marie was shocked .
they arrived at the wedding and continued the ceremony .
jane was thankful .
he was glad he still got to work on time .
the policeman got due to the wedding on time .
fred told fran she looked great .
i saw they were both on leashes .
he was looking forward to getting away .
she enjoyed the candy apples .
they all made good money .
i enjoy it so much , it doesn't even feel like work .
i wasn't any good at playing sports .
after a surgery the prognosis was positive .
after it was completely cooked , the burger was delicious .
cara decided to pass the tradition on .
the hamburgers i made were delicious .
ben needed the money .
inky bought the shoes .
james decides to become a therapist when he grows up .
penny was amazed .
he has to go to the store on sundays for new socks .
she decided to buy books earlier next semester .
we laughed about how terrible the chicken was .
we were sad .
her mom was able to help her get it right .
she was a bit stunned with excitement , but she managed to wave .
peg thought it tasted amazing .
the glasses fixed his headaches immediately .
he did his best anyway .
he won an award for best teacher his very first year .
it was a great day .
it took several days for joe's lips to heal .
lola promised to be more careful in the future .
i'm seriously considering moving to someplace smaller and easier .
i will cook a good dinner tonight .
he found the entire exercise very satisfying and interesting .
i learned a lot from the submarine in the museum .
she argued with her new bosses too .
george explained what was going on with his bill .
he hoped nothing bad had happened to the bird .
eli loved his career .
after the trip , jackson felt rejuvenated .
icy felt she could skate .
her father laughed and turned on an overhead light for her .
joe never threw rocks again .
laura was very proud of the cake she made .
baby martin liked the banana .
her husband called an ambulance .
we had a fun time .
wendy had fun playing this game .
the smell reminded him of his love for his birds .
greg apologized and moved on to meet other girls at the party .
my inventory of books contained old , rare copies of classic books .
his dad was happy to play with him .
luckily her mother never found out .
her mother said that she didn't know .
the whole teamed cheered for my son .
it then ate it .
we saw a number of paintings .
blanche was happy about her weight loss .
flossie churned double the amount of butter the next day .
tina was terrified of snakes .
casey did a wonderful job .
eventually she ran out of room to store them !
the man was very grateful .
neil had a great time .
she went back up and filed all the papers .
she said yes .
she blushed and kissed him before inviting him inside .
jamie now reads all the books she wants on the tablet .
eventually mary got to run her own salon .
the food was ruined .
may won the game .
her grandson thanks louisa for the wonderful gift .
devin was delighted with his friend's choice .
she fell and spilled her candy all over the street .
tim wished that sam would visit again .
they decided next time they would try a two-day trip .
all the kids laughed at him .
ali felt her shyness diminishing , which made her very happy .
when tryouts began , the boy was prepared .
his family was so relieved .
rachel and her husband found somewhere else to eat .
gina's grandmother made the tomatoes .
i called the shipper .
beth and her grandchildren baked cookies everyday !
bryce asked the girl on a date .
she went to the store and bought cat food after the storm .
my jaw dropped as i won the lottery .
she stared at them for hours .
but it just wasn't meant to be .
we were trapped .
we then swam for an hour at the lake .
jerome scored points for his team .
lucy was so angry !
i actually bought jake a guitar !
it was beautiful and relaxing .
dan steps onto a scale and realizes he lost a significant amount .
dan saved the day and picnic by bringing an umbrella .
he had a great time .
the man with the gun was unnerved by anthony's praying and left .
she didn't want kate to be disappointed .
frustrated , i went about getting my money back .
mick asked his mother to loan him six dollars for the jacket .
her friends had been trying to tell gina they'd had a baby !
coy bought the sneakers .
neil went to the grave where his ancestors were buried .
michelle was overwhelmed with money concerns .
i hope to go back soon .
the speaker was able to give her all of the answers she needed .
sue would have to wait five weeks to take the test again .
jake finally chose a melon that he thought was ripe .
the frat was proud of him .
dan became slightly flustered .
we played monopoly for two hours .
heather was proud of herself .
she borrowed a belt from her dad .
tyler decided to practice .
the bunny learned to use the litter box !
i am very proud of myself .
lonnie decided to never lend his sister anything again .
he immediately applied stain remover and the stain was gone .
i cleaned it up with a broom .
jasmine decided to take lessons to get better .
resetting the router didn't have any effect at all .
sarah wished she had been more patient .
i narrowly avoided a serious accident .
gina's mom was happy and they had a great night together .
he now manages his stress in a much more healthy way .
gina was very angry .
he planned out his perfect road trip .
kathie decided she'd be okay with having another one .
rudy's parents took him to the shelter to pick out a pet dog .
it was gross .
bob vows to do a better job in the future .
john got fired .
eva found the egg !
he drove the truck through the snow to the store and got food .
she was pleased with the finished product .
ellen stopped her dad from cutting the tree .
they prayed that she would get better .
he was cold all day .
chuck decided to split his money with alice and bob .
the family was proud of their creation .
jake returned to the store for a plastic cover for the phone .
lauren didn't care and continued to study bugs .
the driver immediately stopped to help julie .
jill reached out , however , and they repaired their relationship .
i ran away and then got away .
tom can't wait until the next time he can go on a whale watch .
bev decided to start writing in her diary again .
jane didn't make her flight in time .
larry came to pick up his kitten .
she felt beautiful with her new dress on .
my mom came and got me .
key was a good player .
gayle had fun feeding the geese .
quentin really enjoyed the hunting trip .
kate practiced often and became great .
little richie no longer has to be afraid of being bullied .
the bobcat was actually his friend in a costume .
the lamberts were full after the meal .
amy was grounded .
tim was glad he stood up to jane .
he won a weightlifting competition .
i was a little embarrassed by my inexperience with air travel .
maria said yes .
jay was relieved .
when gina looked at the clock , she saw she had wasted an hour .
angrily , i left with my car and went somewhere else .
we had a lot of fun .
amy was excited !
the woman succeeded in reversing her ticket .
eric had to settle for cold peanut butter and jelly for lunch .
kelly's daughter kept on crying .
carla had a great time in fiji .
now tea is much more careful about spitting out her gum .
susan poured the food into a bowl and ate it .
she paid for them and was excited .
mike had a great time .
ned is proud of his hard work and tasty vegetables .
the layaway bag was empty , with money still owed .
i am going to try and have it repaired .
rachel had a wonderful time .
after listening she liked the 2nd song more than the first .
i was angry with my boss because work gives no sick leave .
tiff was encouraged to do more .
briana began to cry .
amy was thrilled .
several called back to win the prize , and caught the dj lying .
steve was proud that he stood up for himself .
bernie realized it was his friend prank calling .
sue liked the fish .
they promised not to go to bed mad anymore .
kim then went and got a replacement cat .
jill's boyfriend told her he loved the sweater .
her niece saw the basket and hugged elaine around the neck .
the next day mark brought her saw as promised .
i wanted to finish the project successfully .
they gave me a refund for the case , but not the phone .
carson slowed his pace so that he could finish the mile .
ed was very happy about the money he'd saved .
ivan was happy to be on his feet again .
janet's studying paid off and she passed the exams swimmingly .
his friends still listened to be enlightened .
the kitten was happy to be adopted .
jane had to pay for the bars .
predictably the pie was not flavorful .
she couldn't wait to do it again .
my son said they would , so we got a dog .
i had a great time .
bob got very sick , and learned a lesson .
bob excelled in the interview and got the job .
but the speaker still did not work .
unsurprisingly , no puppy was found .
my niece was very upset that her fiance was sick .
timmy has become less shy now .
they ran outside to play .
they all began asking to her make necklaces for them .
jimmy adopted the dog .
the dmv decided to reinstate my driver's license .
tara looked forward to wearing it .
sigmund learned to keep some thoughts to himself .
sarah was able to under pack for a change .
his team managed to secure a narrow victory .
laurie was glad the police came quickly .
sarah and dan had a loyal friend .
she ran away and cried to her mom .
james was then able to buy himself food .
susie started thinking about getting new car .
victor was amazed .
bob was very upset when he woke up .
now she is also watching new shows and loves hulu !
gina went up to her grandpa and saw he was finally at peace .
bod and sally had a great time at their party .
that positive attitude remained with me all day .
her float was ruined .
after the ride , amy had to go to first aid center .
the driver drove off shaken , but unhurt .
fred must be a female rabbit .
haley reached out to save the baby .
tom was happy .
the source of the lice was never determined .
i decided to get a second opinion from a different hospital .
the gift made norm's day a lot better .
jan had fun cooking .
she picked a beautiful dress .
the oldest man had to save joe .
i brought lots of snacks and drinks for the meeting .
she loved her job and ended up staying for 3 years .
jenny's mom congratulated her .
ora was happy with her new smile .
brady decided not to buy the shirts .
kim insisted her mother come with her .
i couldn't eat all day from shock .
connie was happy that the nest was gone .
jennifer was tired when she finished .
faye's friend offered a loan as she waited for the aid to arrive .
trina regretted what she did .
jan's mom quickly ducked , so the dirt and dung missed her face .
the poor puppy was hit by a car .
the hardest part was eating it while it burned .
jane changed her tire and drove to the office .
he was very upset .
someone found her ferret .
she laughed on her way out the door .
amy went to the doctor for treatment .
shay was thrilled .
i apologized and my friend forgave me .
doreen's mom gave her orange flavored ice cream .
tim seemed to get better at romantic gestures .
someone walking on the shore ran over to rescue eric .
the paper i bought was for little kids .
he tried out for the team again and this time , he made it .
it was nice to all decorate together .
he loves his bike .
kate decided to not date rich again .
i devoted my life to helping others .
they had a happy dinner in the kitchen ,
it was a great trip and they had a good time .
i then found another job and was happy .
i decided to never play with those kids again .
brad lost his match and his family thought less of him .
tommy and spot became best friends .
joe admitted it was all his fault .
he has a very productive day .
my niece touched my heart .
the family and children were grateful to my brother .
ted waited for the new computer to arrive .
gina wished she could afford an air conditioner .
by the end of the match , the blackhawks won .
jon was very worried .
jeff was tired in the morning .
the t-shirt was a terrible color and i hated it .
mister pink suede marie for malpractice .
but he felt guilty .
mary missed the bus and had to walk to her destination .
this made tom really happy .
tom never had to worry about laces again .
the shoe store lost many customers .
soon people discovered who she was and loved her .
i will miss stacy a lot .
they loved it .
greg was then fired from his job for being too violent .
brian felt lucky that he got a c on the test .
artie was quite upset .
i decided to start a blog .
james was proud of himself .
danny loved peanut butter anyway .
timmy got to meet billy idol .
the bath relaxed us and we went to sleep .
fred felt relaxed .
candice was happy that people liked her apartment .
tim had to get the car to find his dog .
after all of his work , he had very tasty french fries to eat .
mary had a wonderful time at prom .
bob was livid !
sammy got along really well with the new puppy .
her neighbor gave her a candy bar .
his attempt to fix the painting failed !
he laughed it off and ordered another drink .
it was stressful but i finally made it to my destination .
jill's headache went away .
we were disappointed to go home empty handed that day .
they ended up giving up .
kathy obtained a job in the physical therapy field .
the living room had a brand new appeal .
george finished his manuscript and celebrated .
alice waited for it to cool and then ate a serving .
amelia was very pleased .
he was satisfied with it .
her grandma climbed in and they drove home .
the woman thanked him for rescuing her .
doug and patty were delighted at their success .
the letters made no difference .
molly said yes .
i gave him the right number and hung up .
i don't even remember the game .
when jake got to his family he was happy his trip was over .
jill asked her question .
jimmy still loves alligators but now respects their wild nature .
a man helped him recover .
she was jealous that her neighbors had a pool .
the dogs were great comfort and company for the old man .
jack closed the window .
the mayor told him he had better things to do .
the therapist curtly said she couldn't share that information .
janie loved cats .
pam's daughter became good at bargain hunting .
we shared the prize equally among all of us .
her father came and removed the spider .
he limped home with his legs bleeding .
i want to go back and get more pizza .
john then failed the project because of his dog .
eventually ed got the chipmunk to eat out of his hand .
he reached for the bowl and enjoyed the candy .
but they had a great time !
amy decided she didn't need the yogurt anyway .
he goes to bed .
the kid stole some things from the house .
jane decided to care for a dog .
sue made an appointment with the doctor as a last resort .
greg was happy that sammy was his dog .
i was sad .
i'm happy to be a member there and work out often !
the children laughed as they hunted the eggs .
jane just went home .
she had fun climbing .
one of mike's friends realized he had the license in wallet .
i found the drink to be bitter-tasting .
chuck knew he needed a walk so he talk his dogs out .
ray hoped he would be admitted .
now i am happy and i have a great new job .
joe's computer began working well once the program was complete .
being accepted made joe very happy .
sarah brought it home and used it .
she got a parrot and named it bear .
rob fired the employees .
jacob chose this special pumpkin for himself .
kay was crushed !
megan's coworker was angry that she lied about eating her cake .
tina cried .
it was terrible .
she love the flowers .
her dad smiled because gina had done a meticulous job this time .
randy was able to get a dog with his dad .
johnny found out his friend took the bike .
mike enjoyed the chance to help pets find a home .
he took the right path and discovered a small waterfall .
but i had too many lines attached to me .
he invited some friends to have lunch with him at mcdonalds .
jerry discovered it was the switch that was broken .
micky was offered the job the next day .
suddenly abby understood why her dentist warned against sugar .
he was overjoyed when his wife told him that she was pregnant .
i was happy to get paid overtime .
my friend had a less than fabulous time there .
neil was happy he made the trip .
neil had a wonderful view of the city .
sam stayed at the bar rather than go home and be surprised .
he grabbed the pole and pulled out a huge flounder .
tori was grounded .
paula eventually became accustomed to being away from her mother .
the ice kept his drinks cold the whole day .
everyone at school loved ky's hair .
we spoke and ate for two hours .
i took a long nap and am feeling better .
bob's stereo system was ruined .
rob ended up playing the best game of his life !
pam was furious with the babysitter .
lindy decided to talk to men just like they were people .
barbara loved the earrings and loved wearing them .
james was so embarrassed that he ran off the stage .
sam bought himself a nice house and was very grateful .
i decided not to buy any clothes .
i hope he gets better at it .
sandy lost her home .
we love spending time together .
kari wore her new sweater to school the next day .
but he tried anyway .
it was a frilly dress with glitter and sparkly fabric !
rico's teacher let him turn in the essay the next day .
she is happy .
he did very well in the job and they really liked him there .
sally was sad she had lost her wallet .
vera was much more careful when driving .
lynn continued to swing .
they had a great marriage .
we were so happy .
mona went inside to see the movie .
my husband went out and bought a better bouquet .
she told him she did not want to marry him .
bay made it on the football team .
josh was upset to be in a little boat .
tonya was heart broken .
david was grounded by his father .
i was happy with mom .
it became her new favorite .
june told him that he had done a great job .
they used flashlights to build a fire , which was nice .
chuck then ordered food and was happy with the service .
ed coasted to the side of the road until he stopped .
liz told them to go back to bed .
hope is having breakfast with her family .
the front of his body hurt from the impact .
she spat it out because she had been served a spoiled fish taco .
mary was very happy .
he told him that he was lost .
the whole family enjoyed the experience .
but then the cops stopped him .
tom and sally finally got to have kids .
the butterfly village was very educational .
she bought a second piggy bank so she could keep saving money .
she sold reasonably well and bought her uniform .
he gave the dog some medicine and then it was fine .
sara had no skills and the dress was a mess .
mr washington fell into the trap .
jen decided to make the best of what she had .
she found her sister nearby .
she made a beautiful blouse .
she was very happy when she won first place .
she places the mirror in her bathroom .
it was very dark and spooky .
i called for the nurse .
gina felt frustrated .
nicky's granddaughter smiled and drooled on it happily .
i bought carrots at a different store .
ruth and iris told her what they wanted .
kate was glad that she could remain concentrated .
she realized she should have remembered sunblock .
sally was terribly disappointed with her grade on the test .
steven avery spent the rest of his life in prison .
ollie survived a heart attack .
alice decided to not climb the big trees anymore .
i ate my sandwich in four bites .
the teacher dried his tears , and gave him more paper .
lenny found a different interest .
her dad took abby to the emergency room right away .
cindy went to her bedroom and laid down .
neil wished he could stay .
mable was excited to have a new pet .
she taught the birds to speak .
ken's team was very happy to win the game .
my mother was exceptionally friendly .
matt would move the children into the master suite .
her cafe became even more popular .
joe was very grateful for the help .
lou now has the entire neighborhood as his customers .
she hoped she wouldn't get in trouble .
janet had a huge look of disappointment on her face .
i've been afraid of the water ever since .
jenna lost her spare keys two days later .
i practice all the time now .
kyle saved the boy and the boy was thankful .
my sister was very grateful and took us both out for ice cream .
i enjoyed riding the tractor for this reason .
zach moved into a larger apartment .
he was successful this time and made a lot of money .
two miles half later , they returned , exhausted and happy .
jenny took a bite .
she got a good grade on the report and raised her math grade .
ina's family was full and satisfied .
mitch fought his sleep to watch the rest of the play with susie .
i hope they stage more operas on the common in the future .
he added weights to his training routine .
kenny thought maybe he should seek another profession .
gina baked cookies as soon as she got home .
susie ended up buying the latest model of smartphone .
scott continued to paddle his canoe across the big lake .
tory was glad that she had decided to cook for her family .
in the morning , brenda discovered mice had eaten her snacks .
sam and his friend scored a goal .
it was the best time karen had had in months .
sara then shot her cousins in the back .
the tooth fairy left him several dollars .
sharon eventually landed a paying job .
afterward , lisa was swamped for cake orders for weddings .
the couple liked her very much .
gloria won that night and screamed with joy .
she also asked if she can have it .
a big bowl of chocolate ice cream was soon ready .
jill did very well in the show .
they slept well and woke up well rested .
marie felt good and was not anxious anymore .
she was grateful , so she bought me lunch .
kristen was very happy .
she was in such great shape that she finished a long marathon .
frank got better with time .
he spent the rest of the evening washing the restaurant's dishes .
it turned out that bill had a stomach virus .
brian was an expert race car driver .
mitch was very happy with the results .
he then decided to not run away from home .
jack saved the pumpkin seeds to toast later .
he should stop watching so much tv .
jan told kristen she did not want her to come on the trip .
joey made lasagna .
alice believes pit bulls can make good pets .
one day the man was out walking again !
tom might fail the class .
nina became a professional artist .
allison told her to come back when she wasn't sick .
lexi was so upset that she cried .
anne recovered just fine .
my sister was happy with the money i obtained for her .
aaron loved his old dog .
everyone in class got down on their knees .
lewis had a great time .
holly knew that she was meant to have a child .
now paul can play all the latest games with his friends .
harris then killed a deer and they went home .
her boyfriend was not impressed .
sadie now makes salsa as her full time job .
she eventually came to me and apologized for being rude .
sam was eventually let out when the power came back .
now tom is late due to time spent turning off the alarms .
it was the biggest fish he had ever caught .
today susan decided to ask for extra fudge on her sundae .
wendell became a great swimmer .
discipline in sports is an important thing to learn .
joanie's mom told her not to worry about such judgmental people .
sue's doctors did not approve .
they were happy they had come to the new restaurant .
harris could not outrun the police and was caught .
amy avoided her friends and talking about the big game .
gina decided to call for help .
bani was fascinated by all the dinosaurs .
ben flew his kite in the backyard all night !
her boyfriend felt bad that he broke the fan .
she was frustrated all morning .
i saw the face of a young lady crying for my help .
there were , and i bought food and then went home .
sarah was very methodical when using the legos .
sallie was glad that gibbie made a friend .
mike loved going to his friends' house .
i was forced to fire the employee .
she never saw her beautiful cat again .
amy became sad .
he has noodles for dinner .
his back felt much better after surgery .
katie found out and then was very hurt .
it took 4 hours for his car to cool off so he could go home .
they had fun .
i thank my grandma for my giving me my life's philosophy .
tina decided they'd eat out for dinner .
he used his knowledge to become a professional gardener .
the kids picked bouquets .
