my friends all love to go to the club to dance . they think it's a lot of fun and always invite . i finally decided to tag along last saturday . i danced terribly and broke a friend's toe .
i tried going to the park the other day . the weather seemed nice enough for a walk . within minutes of getting there i started sneezing . my eyes were watery and it was hard to breathe .
avery was married with children . she was tired of her boring life . one day , she decided to meet up with an old boyfriend from college . she made poor decisions that night and was unfaithful to her husband .
josh loved when his mom baked apple pie . he hated how he always had to wait until after dinner though . so he decided this time he would sneak a piece before dinner . the eggs his mom used must have been bad though .
john was writing lyrics for his new album . he started experiencing writer's block . he tried to force himself to write but it wouldn't do anything . he took a walk , hung out with some friends , and looked at nature .
the cashier was counting the dollar bills at her desk . two men rushed into the store and held their guns up . everyone panicked and started to scream . the men threatened the people to remain quiet .
the mills next door had a new car . the car was stolen during the weekend . they came to my house and asked me if i knew anything . i told them i didn't , but for some reason they suspected me .
there was an extremely obnoxious boy in kerry's economics class . he monopolized every class discussion with his mediocre ideas . the professor could never get him to be quiet . one day , he showed up to class with laryngitis .
franny did not particularly like all of the immigration happening . she thought immigrants were coming to cause social problems . franny was upset when an immigrant moved in next door . the immigrant , sal , was kind and became friends with franny .
brandon was given a 10 page research paper to write for class . he begun working on the paper on his 2003 dell laptop . brandon stayed up until 1 in the morning to try and finish his paper . suddenly , his computer crashed and died .
ari spends $20 a day on pickles . he decides to make his own to save money . he puts the pickles in brine . ari waits 2 weeks for his pickles to get sour .
trudey wanted to write novels for a living . she wrote one through traditional publishing means . it barely made enough to cover the advance she had received . she wrote another through self-publishing avenues .
feliciano went olive picking with his grandmother . while they picked , she told him stories of his ancestors . before he realized it , the sun was going down . they took the olives home and ate them together .
aaron's girlfriend asked him to come over for dinner . she said she was making his favorite , chicken alfredo . aaron was very excited she wanted to cook , but he hated alfredo . she must have mixed up his words when he told her his least favorite .
oliver was nervous about his wedding . he was worried that he would stutter during the vows . when the time came , he took a deep breath and began to speak . he stuttered , but his wife smiled and hugged him and he was okay .
sara had lost her cat . she was so sad ! she put up signs all over the neighborhood . then a wonderful thing happened .
kelly was playing her new mario game . she had been playing it for weeks . she was playing for so long without beating the level . finally she beat the last level .
tim and deb have been dating for almost a year . they met at a party they attended last christmas . tim picked deb up for a date tonight and took her to a fancy dinner . just after dessert he proposed marriage .
my roommate is from germany . he is a very good cook . one day , he made some sausage for me that he ate back home in germany . the sausage turned out poorly , according to him .
when i was a kid i really wanted to play checkers . i sat down with my grandpa and he taught me . at first , he was just teaching me but it became a special thing . as i got older , i continued to play checkers with him .
ivy wanted a cell phone like all her friends . she saved up her money from delivering papers . soon she had enough for a phone . she went shopping and selected the perfect phone .
dave walked into the grocery store . he was going there to buy his favorite energy drink . he only had enough money to buy one can . he reached the aisle and what he saw made him smile .
gina sat on her grandpa's bed staring outside . it was winter and his garden was dead until spring . her grandpa had passed away so there would be no one to tend it . the weeds would take over and strangle the flowers .
ramona was very unhappy in her job . she asked for a raise , but was denied . the refusal prompted her to aggressively comb the want ads . she found an interesting new possibility and set up an interview .
i wanted to buy a video game console . i asked my parents , and they came up with an idea . they said if i did my chores , i would be given money to save . i did my chores without being asked every week for a whole summer .
felipe had been interested in germany since he was a young child . he learned about the language and culture by reading library books . finally in college he was able to visit berlin . felipe loved the german art , food , and beer .
miles was a roofer . he loved his job and was very good at it . however , one day he was not paying attention and fell off the roof . luckily , he only broke his leg .
johnny thought anita was the girl for him , but he was wrong . he invited her out but she said she didn't feel well . johnny decided to go to a club , just to drink and listen to music . at midnight , he looked back and saw anita dancing with another guy .
his eyes burned with pain . his stomach churned and twisted . his lungs were filled with fluid . painful coughs rattled the halls of his small home .
tom was studying for the big test . he then fell asleep do to boredom . he slept for five hours . he woke up shocked .
my friends got lunch and met up at the table . ben was hungry and finished his lunch before everyone did . he returned to the lunch line to buy more food . that didn't make him up .
jill's dad took her to pick out a kitten . there were two in the cage . she couldn't leave one behind . her dad agreed .
today was my 1st grade field trip . my class went to the field in the back of the school . many students and faculty were resting on towels placed on the ground . in addition , many sports took place .
a dog paused by a pond to drink . he mistook his reflection for another dog . spoiling for a fight , he leapt into the water . unsurprisingly , his opponent proved elusive .
peter wished to show his daughter his favorite christmas song . he played her a video of the song . next , he let her listen to the sound track . the last time he decided to sing her the song .
yao was an enthusiastic gardener . he had a big garden in his backyard that he loved very much . he decided to take his vegetables and enter them in the local fair . he waited with anticipation for the results .
mary liked jumping rope . she would do it all the time . it kept her in good shape . she always had energy .
i was at the bar with some friends . it was my turn to buy a round . i went up to the bartender and asked him for 13 beers and a shot . he asked for my card and took my order .
scott was hungry . he decided to cook dinner . he cooked tacos . he made enough to share with a friend .
jorel wanted to try out for the basketball team . he practiced very hard . on the day of tryouts , he was very nervous . his practice paid off .
beth and carol went out for chinese . after dinner beth opened up her fortune cookie . beth was anticipating good fortune for the rest of the week . beth called her later in the week to give her good news .
sally liked the seltzer waters her mom bought . she grabbed one from the fridge . she was excited to open it and taste it . sally didn't know her brother shook all of them beforehand .
the bride and groom walked down the aisle . the were finally married . the wedding was at the country club . when the bride threw her bouquet , her best friend caught it .
gordon is in a rush to get to a meeting . he bursts out of the laboratory and slips on the ice outside . when he gets up he notices he has scraped his wrist . he barely makes it to his meeting on time .
the two elderly ladies chatted as they ate lunch in the park . one of them brought out a basket and set the food out on the table . they talked and ate happily until they began to argue about something . one of them threw a piece of cake at the other , starting a food fight .
mike had a beautiful girlfriend . one day he was walking around his school yard . he saw his girlfriend with another guy . the other guy was his friend bob .
kara lost her dog yesterday . she freaked out . frantic , kara looked all over town for it . finally she found the dog in her neighbor's yard .
every year we attend a poolside barbecue at my aunt's house . one year when my sister was very young she fell in the pool . as soon as my dad realized she was missing he ran for the pool . he dove in and brought my sister to the surface .
the harpooner struck the whale , which thrashed and began its run . for a few minutes , all was well , but then the whale sounded deep . the line could not pay out fast enough , and the bow dipped deep . the boat slipped below the waves , and did not come back up .
sarah was very hungry . she went to the kitchen to eat , but only had bread . she made some toast , with butter and jam . when she was walking to the table , she dropped the toast .
we left north carolina the day after christmas and drove to florida . it was a long drive and we couldn't wait to get there . we spent time with family and went to disney world . we spent an entire day in the magic kingdom .
nicole wanted to be an aunt more than anything . the trouble was that she didn't have any siblings . today nicole got a note from her cousin , xiao . xiao and her husband were expecting a baby boy .
mary and emma drove to the beach . they decided to swim in the ocean . mary turned to talk to emma . emma said to watch out for the waves .
jeff just got engaged to his girlfriend ashley ! they are very happy and started planning the wedding right away . within hours they realized how expensive everything is going to be . jeff decided to get a part time job to pay for all of this .
josh woke up early to get ready for the hike he had been planning . after a shower , he made sure all his supplies were packed . he left his house and drove to the park where he was going hiking . because it was early in the day josh had the trail mostly to himself .
there was a basketball game on friday . my friends and i wanted to go see it . we got together and got some money for snacks . we went to the court and sat down .
anne wanted ivy to climb the walls of her house . she thought it looked quaint and enchanting . she got small ivy plants and planted them . soon they began climbing up her home's walls .
my goal is to do over two hundred pounds on the squat machine . at my gym that is the maximum weight on that machine . right now i can only do about one hundred and fifty pounds . i worked real hard at it for well over six months .
ella's dad had to go on a business trip to munich . ella begged her dad to bring her with him . she had never been to germany and she wanted to see it ! her dad agreed and brought ella with him on the trip .
henry's parents took him to his first movie . they bought him some snacks before going inside . inside the theater , they sat in the back row of seats . henry enjoyed the entire movie .
tim loved to swim with tuna deep in the ocean . he would never hurt or try to catch them . one day a fishing boat came to the home of the tuna . tim tried to dive down the next day with the tuna .
mel took a girl on a date . they had a wonderful time . the next day he called her for a second date . he was worried she would refuse .
lira was so excited to meet her favorite rapper . she had backstage passes for after the concert . she made her way backstage and introduced herself . she was horrified to see that the rapper was drunk , rude and sexist .
while washing the dishes , caitlin broke one of her mom's best dishes . caitlin knew her mom would be mad . she lied and said that her sister did it . her sister was scolded .
andrea was looking for a new pet . she was considering adopting a dog . after visiting the local dog shelter , she decided to rescue a puppy . after the paperwork was finalized , andrea brought the dog home .
will and anna had dated for 12 year's . they took a vacation together to the beach . while walking on the beach , will decided to propose . anna said yes .
ellie watched the merry go round . she couldn't decide which animal to ride . there was a pink horse or a blue bunny . so she got on it twice .
i was playing football with friends . we set up in our positions . when the game began , i was tackled . i hurt my knee and screamed .
my rehab therapist visited me today . he was to do a quick workout . we started off with some lower body exercises . when i did some crunches , he tried to do more crunches than me .
i bought my girlfriend new gloves for christmas . they are leather and look nice . she loved them and tried them on . unfortunately they didn't fit .
mina lost her purse at a restaurant . she was so unhappy ! she thought she would never get her things back . but then mina got a wonderful surprise .
pete got a new job at a software company . this had been pete's dream job his whole life . pete wrote down all his good ideas and constantly showed his boss . before long pete got promoted to assistant manager .
i hadn't seen my girlfriend in a while . she got a new job so it's hard to talk . the job takes up all of her time . finally she called me to hang out .
gina just wanted to be alone to cry . the only place she could do that in the school was the bathroom . but people were in the bathroom . she stood with her hand on the door feeling the tears burn her eyes .
gina was watering the garden . as her brother walked by she sprayed him with water . he ran laughing , and screaming . her sisters and another brother joined in as well .
agatha had always wanted pet birds . so one day she purchased two pet finches . soon she couldn't stand their constant noise . and even worse was their constant mess .
the boys wanted to go to the movies . they knew if they asked without doing their chores they could not go . they completed all of their chores . they asked if they could go to the movies .
i noticed my hair was getting too long . i tried to cut it myself , but failed . i put on my shoes and grabbed my keys . i went to the barber for a haircut .
sandra couldn't believe that she had finally arrived in hollywood . she began going on auditions to realize her dream of becoming a star . things didn't pan out and she had to take a waitressing job to get by . she soon learned that one of her regular patrons was a talent agent .
sally was going to surprise the office with a cake . sally felt that a cake would be a good way to make them smile . she went to the supermarket to pick up the cake . at the office she gathered the employees around the conference table .
sarah was learning algebra on her own . but after several weeks , she didn't improve much . she realized that she didn't set any goals for herself . so everyday , she set a certain goal .
lewy loved tractors . one day he decided to build one . he went to the scrap yard for parts . next he took them home .
bill couldn't afford to go to college when he was younger . now he is an old man whose dream is to get a degree . at the age of 70 he finally accomplished his dream . everyone was very proud of him .
dan saw a dog shivering in the rainy and thought it looked lost . the dog was friendly enough and dan was able to bring him home . the animal had no tags or collar and seemed malnourished . daniel posted signs around the neighborhood and asked his neighbors .
the teacher was walking with a stack of papers . outside started to rain . when the teacher tried to walk down a few steps , she ended up falling . the papers flew out of her hands and landed on the ground .
the bradley family decided to take a camping trip . they packed the car for the two hour trip . once they arrived it was almost dark and began to storm . after the rain had passed they set up the tent and started the fire .
don and his wife drove to a video rental shop . after half an hour , the two couldn't decide on a movie to watch . don asked the owner of the shop to pick out a movie for them . the owner selected a popular romantic comedy starring katherine heigl .
missy got drunk and went to get a tattoo . she decided to get a tattoo on her forehead . the next day , missy was horrified at what she had done . missy scraped up her money to pay for a tattoo removal procedure .
jon was getting out of shape . jon decided to lose weight . he began to eat and exercise better . jon kept it up and started to feel results .
the high school football team was going to playoffs . the team was excited and the town showed their support . doors were decorated . businesses closed early .
earl woke up early to make some coffee . he wanted to be alert for work that day . the aroma woke up all his roommates . they wanted to make coffee too .
maggie has a dog . she takes her dog for walks . they go to the park and play . when they come home maggie feeds her dog .
ella was trying to pick a prom dress . she could not decide ! so she asked her boyfriend for his opinion . he said she was beautiful in any dress she chose !
ben decided to get more fit for 2016 . he planned to work out at least 4 times a week . ben decided to wait until next monday to start working out . monday has passed and ben still hasn't started his workout plan .
a g bear is a teddy bear with a box . it talks back to you in gibberish . i bought one for my wife when we were young . she gave it to our daughter when she was three .
chris had a lot of chickens . he gathered eggs from them every day . he took the eggs down to the farmer's market . everyone loved chris's eggs and paid a lot of money for them .
my daughter was celebrating her 6th birthday . we decided to have a party for her and her friends at an art studio . all her friends arrived and waited for the instructions . each friend listened to directions on how to paint their picture .
my mom was driving to the store last night . she stopped at a light and couple of guys ran up to her door . they put a gun to her head and told her to get out of the car . they took it and drove off .
sal was playing his game constantly . he could not beat level 9 for anything ! then his cousin came over and offered to help him . the two boys played side by side .
will used to work for a coal mining company . he was a manager . he quit last year . he said that he couldn't deal with those people .
bob was a hoarder . he collected a lot of useless things inside his home . his home was beginning to pile up with garbage . bob decided to call a professional cleaning service .
i asked my girlfriend to prom in a very creative way . she said yes ! i got a tuxedo and she got a beautiful dress . at prom , we were named prom king and prom queen !
today was the first day of fasting . i was in a bad mood since i couldn't eat anything . i tried to go to sleep however , it didn't go well . my friends offered food to me .
jane went on a walk . on the walk , she passed an animal shelter . she saw an adorable dog staring back at her in the window . jane went in and instantly bonded well with the dog .
rufus had always loved the soothing sounds of a cello playing . he resolved that he would learn cello one day . he enrolled in a cello course and practiced each night . finally he was an expert at cello .
chuck bought a stereo from a store today . he went home and set it all up and was excited to play his music . as soon as he play the first song one of the speakers broke . chuck was upset and returned to the store with the broken stereo .
molly was picking up her son's birthday cake at the store . she didn't bother to check the box before she left . when she got home , she opened the box . then , she realized she had picked up the wrong cake .
kate was having a school fundraiser for krispy kreme doughnuts . kate was selling the doughnuts for band uniforms . in addition , the top seller would get a monetary prize . kate worked hard over the next two weeks selling doughnuts .
ed wanted to make homemade juice for his family . he bought a bag of oranges and juiced them . then he chilled the juice overnight . in the morning , he served it to his family .
lily always loved to read . she wondered sometimes , what it would be like to write a book ? she decided to take a course on fiction writing . lily did well in the course , and during it , wrote a short book .
drew order a small ice cream cone at the drive thru . he drove to the front window to wait for his order . the cashier handed the ice cream with one of her hands . drew took the ice cream cone and turned it upside down .
sally was trying to take the dog for a walk . she had her phone in her hand . the dog jerked hard on the leash . the phone went flying .
gordon needed to mow the lawn . he got the lawn mower out of the shed . he filled the mower with gasoline and oil . he yanked on the starting cord to start the engine .
the woman hated uncertainty . she especially hated it today , while waiting for the bus . the bus was late , and if she didn't start walking soon , she'd be late . she knew if she started walking now , she'd make it to work on time .
i had always wanted to make a masterpiece . one day while drinking tea , i had an idea . i went to my computer to begin sketching . the idea came together for a great painting .
dawn was envious of cora's new car . on halloween night , dawn keyed the car . cora was crushed . she had completely no idea who may have done it .
sam vowed to try something new at the dinner party tonight . he saw shrimp cocktail appetizers and decided to try those . he lifted a shrimp to his mouth cautiously . as he chewed it , his face broke into a grin .
alma was at a restaurant by herself . a guy saw her by herself and asked her if he could sit with her . they started talking and realized that they had a connection . she gave him her number and they started going out on dates .
tim loves to drink coffee . he goes to the same place every morning and orders the same coffee . he goes there so much that the barista already has his order made . this makes things very convenient for tim and he gives her good tips .
i went to the wine cellar to check on my wine . i rolled out the barrel and stood it upright . i popped off the cork on the barrel . into the barrel i plunged a cup on a string .
a husband and his wife are looking for a new home . they drive around their desired neighborhood to view the real estate . they find a particular house that they really like for sale . they call the number on the sign to inquire about the house .
kate and greg went to a little candy shop together . they looked around at their options and made their choice . they went up to the cashier and said what they wanted . the cashier , with unwashed hands , bagged the candy without gloves .
larry loved making music . he especially liked remixing other people's work . he would upload his stuff to youtube . eventually he was sued by too many other artists .
tim and john decided to drive to their favorite amusement park . on the way their car started to overheat and it broke down . they found a mechanic to fix the car but it would take a day . so they found a resort with a pool and swam the day away .
i went out to a casual dinner with a group of friends . we went to a local mexican restaurant . i had nachos and a couple of beers . we talked and laughed for a couple of hours .
proactiv was advertising their products on television . considering that my acne is bad , i ordered some of their products . after several weeks , no positive effects were observed . instead , my face caught a huge rash .
amy wanted to be a magician . she practiced every day . then she put on a magic show for her family . she asked them if they'd been fooled .
shannon was sad , because she lost her necklace . she thought it might be at work or in her car . shannon looked all over for the necklace . she didn't find it in the car or at work .
sandy was at home . her home was dark . she needed light ! her friend bought her a lamp .
gina lost her key for the 2nd time in 8 months . last time she replaced it without her parents knowing . but she had no money to buy a new one now . gina knew her parents would be upset .
hank decided on a new car . but he wasn't sure which color to pick . he thought of how elegant white would look . so he decided to choose white .
i sent flowers and a cookie to my wife today . valentine's day is sunday but i sent things to her work . the flowers were roses in a glass vase . the cookie said " happy valentine's day . "
clayton wants a car so that he can feel more independent . he begins saving more money from his job at the library . clayton researches different car types . finally he decides to buy a small sedan .
horatio had always been afraid of spending time in big cities . his friends and family encouraged him to try visiting a city . finally he took their advice and booked a bus ticket to boston . once there , horatio found boston to be fun and friendly .
arnold was scared of frogs . one day he went out to his backyard . he started playing . he saw a frog jump out of no where .
all of the ross family has red hair , except henry . henry has blonde hair that is very curly . henry's father often teases henry's mother about the mailman . the mailman has blonde , curly hair , but he is very ugly .
samantha had recently purchased a used car . she loved everything about the car except for the color . she took her car to her local paint shop . she got it painted a bright pink color .
alex wanted to get an a in economics . it was a very tough course . he studied as much as he could . he did extra credit assignments .
it was a very hot day . but ivan wanted to eat chicken . so he baked some chicken in the oven . everyone else in the house complained that it was too hot .
molly's computer broke last week and she knew she needed a new one . her computer had fallen off of the table on accident . molly went to the store to look for a new computer to buy . she wasn't sure which one was the best so she asked the worker .
one day wesley's auntie came over to visit . he was happy to see her , because he liked to play with her . when she starting to give his little sister attention , he got jealous . he got angry at his auntie and bit her hand when she wasn't looking .
greg wanted to leave the city and become a pig farmer . he thought pigs were noble creatures . he thought farming was a respectable profession . greg quit his job as a pharmacist .
a man made a small mark on the back of a playing card . he slid it into the deck without anyone noticing . during a game he saw the card on the top of the deck . the man made a large bet .
maya was walking home one night from work . she fumbled with her keys while trying to get into her car . someone began approaching her from a dark alley . frightened , she quickly got into her car and started it .
gina wanted to watch a show that her siblings didn't . they refused to watch what she wanted . her mom and dad were watching tv in the living room . gina decided to watch her show in their room .
anna and liv were in a contest to see who could a better math grade . anna studied at least 5 nights every week for the whole semester . liv , who was much better in math , studied only three or four times . anna received a grade of 99 and live only got a 93 .
neil stared in horror at his plate . the slimy pile of eggplant seemed to stare back at him . no way could he eat that ! spying his dog under the table , he began slipping pieces to it .
cara wanted new kitchen cabinets . she told her husband . he looked at how-to videos . he decided it looked like a simple enough job .
the school class took a field trip to an abandoned mine . their geology teacher told them to look for interesting rocks . a girl in the class tripped over what looked to be a white rock . it turned out to be a really old dinosaur fossil !
tanya wanted to see her sister . she took a plane . she watched a movie on the plane . she listened to music .
my husband is lazy . he never wants to clean up . he likes to leave dirty dishes in the sink . i hate cleaning up his messes .
joe pressed the pause button . he wasn't very interesting in the movie that he was watching . he began to think about everything that was wrong in his life . too bad life has no pause button , he thought .
john took sarah out on a first date at a restaurant . he ordered her his favorite entree , a pork dish . sarah took a bite and her face swelled up . she asked if there was pineapple in the dish .
sarah didn't like the food her school served besides the burritos . so she only bought lunch when they were serving them . but one day , it was announced that they would no longer serve them . sarah recorded herself eating her last school burrito .
amy wanted to make waffles for breakfast . she whipped up some batter quickly . she poured the batter into the maker . when she was eating them there were lumps of dry batter .
a family was driving home from vacation in florida . they noticed a space museum and decided to stop . they went inside and checked out all of the exhibits . after that , they watched a movie about space .
jean was delighted to receive a pet anole for her birthday . this was the first pet her mother had ever let her have . the next day , there was a white egg in the cage ! jean waited with anticipation , hoping the egg would hatch .
petey held the high score in the pizza parlor's arcade cabinet . it was a campaign fighting game from the 80s . one day petey went in and the machine was gone . the staff informed him that it had broken down .
peyton and tom played football often . tom always won for many year's . peyton never gave up and kept practicing . peyton finally beat tom at a game of football .
pam was in love with josh but she didn't know how to get his attention . she talked to her friends , and she talked to her parents . they all offered advice that didn't quite work for her . finally , she just went up to him and told him her feelings .
all was not a good bowler . she was lucky if her balls stayed out of the gutter . on her last frame of the day she rolled the ball . it went straight down the center .
roberto knew that one day he wanted to be a boxer . coaches told him he was too old to become a boxer . however , roberto trained very hard to become a great boxer . eventually he opened his own boxing gym .
eric had worked at a large law firm for 30 years . on his 68th birthday he had decided it was time to retire . his friends threw him a large party . they gave him many gifts and they shared old stories .
i brought home a stray cat to my girlfriend . she always told me she loved cats . i thought i was about to get a ton of boyfriend points . i must have miss a key detail in her cat story .
jane always jogged through the same neighborhood . one day there was a big scary dog , but it was being led on a leash . the dog got away and lunged at jane , leash trailing behind . jane needed stitches on her arm from the bite .
susie got a baby goat at the fair . she brought it home . her mom said she had to keep it outside . susie was worried about the goat .
deb always dreamed of getting married and buying a large house . after she met the love of her life she was ready to start a family . deb knew that the first step was to buy a home . she quickly started to search for the perfect home .
there were two students named alex in the math class . one was a boy but the other was a girl . one day the teacher announced that alex had achieved a perfect test . the boy named alex assumed he was the one who had scored perfectly .
tom wanted an iced latte . so he went to a coffee shop and ordered one . but over half of it was ice . tom complained .
andrew saw this day coming . he had to quit his job . he hasn't made a sale in two weeks . his boss asked him what was he going to do ?
the black cat saw a small object moving in the grass . the object was fluttering and darting erratically . the cat crouched down and carefully stalked its prey . suddenly , he pounced !
i played in a fantasy basketball league this season . i've played fantasy football but never fantasy basketball before . i don't like it as much as football because there are too many games . the season is longer and it's basically down to pure luck to win .
last week i had a small heart attack . they called an ambulance to take me to the hospital . i refused and asked someone to drive instead . i didn't want to pay for all that .
kyrie saw a mouse in her house . she screamed , because she is afraid of mice . her cat came and killed the mouse . then , the cat tried to give it to kyrie .
10-year-old billy's uncle sent him a collectible coin every birthday . billy showed off the collection to some boys from school . one of the boys told billy he had a baseball for sale . billy really wanted the baseball .
kim's friends invited her to the beach . but she was too embarrassed to to wear a bathing suit . kim looked at herself in the mirror and cried . kim went to the beach but decided not to go swimming .
lucy was nervous during her first job interview . she answered all of the questions accurately . lucy waited for three days after the interview to contact the company . the company notified her that the job was hers .
for months , jill was asking her parents if they could adopt a cat . her mom and dad would always say , maybe some day . then , for her birthday , jill asked them again , can we get a cat ? her mom and dad responded , " go check in your room . "
ben went to the dmv to get his license . the instructor gave ben a passing grade at the end . excited , ben calls up his father to tell him the good news . ben father never picked up , he died in a car accident that day .
kimmy was on a trip to paris . her plane had just landed and she and her classmates her excited . they couldn't wait to start seeing museums and churches ! they spent lots of time shopping and seeing historical sites .
colin started fifth grade at a new school . he was very shy . he thought no one would befriend him due to his shyness . but colin's classmates were encouraging and kind .
my friend got me a planter as a housewarming gift . it's small and cute and fits in nicely with my decor . but i'm still not sure where to put it . i hope he doesn't get sad .
my wife is expecting our first child . she is glowing and i love her more everyday . she loves to post pictures of her belly on facebook . she gets so many likes and positive comments .
bob went to the gas station to fill up his car . his tank was completely empty and so was his wallet . the cashier offered to pay for his gas if he came back later to pay . bob felt grateful as he drove home .
tom and casey have been married for twenty years . tom had an affair with susan . casey caught tom and susan on a dinner date . casey camped outside in front of the cafe .
this morning i was running late for work . i decided to get a coffee at the gas station . they only had decaf left . i was really upset while pumping gas .
sarah was home alone . she wanted to stay busy . she turned on the tv . she found a reality show to watch .
benny was a track star at his school who suffered an injury . this injury put him out of commission for three weeks . he wasn't sure of he could make the comeback he needed to go to state . he put in the work every day and came back ahead of schedule .
danny never liked to eat peas . he told his mom that the peas were too slimy . one day his mom made him eat the peas on his plate . danny hated every minute of it .
i went to the post office yesterday . it took a while to get there since it's on the other side of town . once i got there i mailed my letters and headed home . it's always easier to get home than to get somewhere .
a kindergarten teacher refilled her pencil cup every morning . by lunch , the cup was always nearly empty . she repeatedly asked her students not to take the pencils home . no matter how much she pleaded , the students put them in their bags .
tom wanted to enjoy his racing games more . so he bought a racing wheel for his computer . after some struggling , he successfully set it up . and he had lots of fun using it .
kevin decided to take his girlfriend ice skating . the two of them had so much fun at the rink . they held hands and skated around . one time they fell but got back up .
my cousins kept getting sick . the doctors couldn't figure out why . eventually they started testing their water . it turned out to be contaminated .
kimmi really wanted a new cell phone . she asked her father if he could buy one for her . he said no . she decided that she would work to get it for herself .
gina and tami stood in the hallway talking . gina had been tripped by a bully at recess . tami wanted her to tell a teacher . gina wasn't sure if this was the way to handle a bully .
jake needed a bunch of shirts . he went to the store but everything was too expensive . he decided to go to the flea market . they sold shirts five for ten dollars .
my brother was trying to connect his glasses together . he placed some super glue over the broken spot . however , his finger got caught in the glue . it started to become hard .
don wanted some excitement one day . he had never skated before , so he wanted to try that . don found a local skating rink in town . don drove to the skating rink with his new skates .
bryan took his girlfriend to the movies . they went to a comedy . he bought popcorn and drinks . they laughed a lot .
lizzie was in her 90's and the mother of eight adult children . one night lizzie fell and broke many bones including her neck . she never recovered and passed away a week later in the hospital . lizzie left no will as she had expected to live much longer .
bob decided to start a business . he opened up a grocery store and was doing very well . after a year , his profits dropped and he had to declare bankruptcy . bob was sad to see his business fail .
mike liked basketball . he would always play it everyday during and after school . when the tryouts came he was ready . the coach watched him play and dribble .
neil was touring the greek islands . he had rented a small motorboat . he traveled from island to island . neil was having a wonderful time .
all the girls get together for book club . they read a new book each month . then meet to discuss it . after twenty minutes it turns into gossip .
amy was playing clue with her friends . she listened to the evidence . then she reviewed her suspects . amy decided on her suspect .
the rich man went to the auction . no one dared to out bid him because they knew they would lose . the rich man bought everything that was up for auction . all the other people got mad that they couldn't win anything .
opal asked her aunt for her famous beef stew recipe . her aunt reluctantly copied down the recipe . opal took it home and tried to replicate the stew . it didn't taste as good as her aunt's masterpiece .
linda passed by a bakery she never saw before . and she decided to go inside . she loved muffins . so she ordered a chocolate one and a banana one .
nelly's family was going on a vacation . nelly was very excited because she had never been out of the country . when they arrived it was raining . nelly was disappointed .
as a child , we had a peach tree in our backyard . one day , my father told me we would make ice cream with the peaches . we took the peaches and added them to sugar and milk . we took those ingredients and churned them into ice cream .
ben had a doctor's appointment . he was very scared . he never went to the doctor . he slowly stepped into the office .
dan was excited to attend the school dance . the school dance was going to be the highlight of dan's senior year . dan would get to show off his dancing skills at the dance . in addition , dan would get to spend time with his friends at the dance .
jill was in such a rush to catch the bus that she missed breakfast . in her first class of the day , her stomach kept growling . she wasn't sure she could make it until lunch . between classes her friend lou handed her a granola bar .
ed made beef jerky for a living . he ran the business out of his garage . one day he woke up and noticed his garage jarred open . he looked inside and noticed everything in disarray .
john was going to the park with his dog . on his way there , his dog saw a squirrel . when john's dog jerked on his leash , john accidentally released him . john's dog went and chased after the squirrel for five whole minutes !
sam has a toothache . he makes a dentist appointment . sam is very nervous . sam's dentist is very nice and gentle .
tom rolled his wagon . the wheels then fell off ! tom started crying ! tom's dad fixed the wheels .
jill was hungry . but it was 2 am . she tried to prepare food quietly . but she caused a lot of noise with pots and pans .
paulo loves the way that candles make him feel comfortable . he decided to buy some nice candles for his apartment . now paulo lights candles after a stressful day at work . it helps him overcome feelings of anxiety .
clint grabbed his gun and dived behind the couch . he winced as the pounding knock came again . he just knew it they'd found him ! another loud knock and clint cocked his gun .
kayla tried out for american idol . the judges told her she wasn't quite what they were looking for . kayla was really bummed but moved on with her life . weeks later american idol called her .
ralph's beard has become messy and long . he decides that he needs to trim it . he carefully cuts his beard until it is neat and trim . now ralph looks much less disheveled .
simon had a kitten called tiny . tiny was mischievous and often pushed things off of furniture . once tiny pushed a glass of the table . simon's parents walked in and saw the smashed glass on the floor .
david's parents got him a bike . he didn't want one . but he didn't want his gift to go to waste . after learning how to ride the bike , he was glad he had one .
one day , i was eating a burrito when i felt a horrible tooth pain . it hurt so bad i cried . i called my dentist , who let me come in as an emergency . he gave me a root canal then and there .
walter decided he should do something to help his mother . he decided he would weed the landscaping in the front yard . he worked very hard to pull up all the stray plants he could find . but when his mother came outside , she was not happy !
my aunt is a huge marine life lover . she constantly watches documentaries . my uncle decided to surprise her for her birthday . he took her whale watching .
rory loved to eat chocolate . one day , she went to the candy store . she spent all of her allowance on chocolate bars . rory ate all of the chocolate on the way home .
thomas would pick on smaller kids at recess with his friends . he did this to try to be cool and fit in with his friends . one day , thomas hurt himself badly on the playground . his friends left him , but one of the smaller kids helped patch him up .
mary decided to clean her kitchen . the floor was filthy ! she sent her kids outside to play . then she got on her knees and scrubbed the whole floor .
amy and abby were identical twins . when they were 8 , they decided to play a trick on their mom . they started responding to each other's names . they wore each other's clothes .
gino has been looking for a job for weeks . one day he sees an ad for a job at a pizza restaurant . although he doesn't have relevant experience , he applies for the job . the owner decides to hire gino .
james woke up and was in a bad mood immediately . he went too fix breakfast and burnt his toast . then went to get dressed and couldn't find any socks . james decided it was a bad day and he was going back to bed .
janet worked hard to train for her wrestling meet . when she got there her opponent seemed game . they both tried their hardest . it ended in a tie .
when the waiter returned to the table the customers looked ready . she asked the woman what she wanted to eat . the woman began to speak and then stopped . she was no longer sure what she wanted .
jack was playing baseball in field near his home . when it was his turn to bat he swung with all his might . he was shocked to see the ball fly past the field . the ball broke the window on his bedroom .
kenya crossed the street in order to walk towards her house . she noticed a strange scarecrow in front of the porch . since it wasn't moving , she walked past it . however , it jumped as soon as she took her attention away .
rebecca always works very late to get all of her work done . she hopes that the company president notices her hard work . finally it is announced that rebecca will be promoted . she cries happy tears knowing that her work is recognized .
the cook pushed deep into the jungle . he ignored the biting insects and sweltering heat . he was determined to find the rare ingredient for his dish . he suddenly gasped in surprise !
johnny's girlfriend was sad . every day she had painful migraines . eventually it got so bad that johnny took her to the doctor . they assigned her pills to help her with her migranes .
francine was preparing for her first time on a airplane . francine has never been on a airplane before . francine conducted research to find out what flying was like . francine got several tips from the research to make her travel easier .
manny wanted to get better at making italian food . he learned how to make noodles from scratch . he learned how to make different sauces . he put on a big italian dinner for his family .
i woke up on my twenty first birthday excited . i knew that i was going to buy my first beer . i went to the grocery store with my id . i found a reliable beer and purchased it .
the epps go to the ocean for vacation every year . this time they would participate in a sand castle contest . each family member worked on a different part . the littlest epps filled the moat with ocean water .
shawn's pillow is lumpy and old . sometimes shawn can't sleep at night . he goes into town to buy a new pillow . shawn is very excited to sleep tonight !
harry was excited to go on a hot air balloon ride . harry was going with his friend amanda . harry and amanda arrived at the location , and were anxious to get on . harry was nervous at first , but as they lifted off he was amazed .
kathy needed to get to work . the ice in the driveway prevented her from moving the car . she tried putting salt , and sand but nothing helped . finally a neighbor came by to help .
jarett loaned $200 dollars from me . he told me that he was going to pay me back before the end of the week . the next day , i saw him walking with tony . he was giving her money .
amy worked nights at a call center . since she worked at night she recorded her favorite show on her dvr . amy was anticipating watching the new episode of her show that evening . amy tried to watch the show , but she forgot to set the dvr to record .
daniel was leaving his house to meet a good friend for drinks . he decided to stop at a chinese food shop for dumplings . daniel ate six spicy dumplings at the shop . he left feeling satisfied and full .
last week i tried to make my girlfriend a card . it turned out okay but she knew i made her something . i asked what gave it away . apparently i was still covered in glitter .
mustafa had never celebrated christmas as he was a muslim . one day , his boss invited him to a christmas party . mustafa was unsure at first . ultimately , he decided to attend the party .
ed was not doing very well in science class . he knew he had to ace the exam in order to pass . he studied all week before the exam . then he did his best on the test .
felipe had always wanted to try making grits , but hadn't tried . finally he asked his friend jasper to help him cook grits one day . they followed each step of the recipe closely . felipe tried the grits and they were delicious .
olaf pinched every penny for retirement savings . in fact , he literally collected up every piece of change available . he was stingy with tips and purchases . he rolled his coins and deposited them in the bank .
gina went to the bathroom at her grandma's house . on the way she passed the kitchen . on the table was the remains of a mincemeat pie . gina hadn't had mincemeat pie in 10 years .
taylor spent several hours per day surfing the web on her smartphone . one day she was notified that her phone's internet was cut off . taylor called her parents to find out what was going on . they told her they wouldn't be paying for her internet anymore .
gina was sad . her first day of high school hadn't turned out as she hoped . she spent most of the day waiting to enroll . she was alone for most of that time , and lunch was lonely too .
michael had a calendar full of notes . his calendar contained a special date . one day he accidentally threw his calendar away . michael ended up missing his date .
the new accountant got confused where his desk was . he found his supervisor and asked her where he was to be seated . she walked him to his stationed desk . he sat down and then asked her about the recent assignment .
cary went to a karaoke bar and sang horribly one night . everyone laughed and made her feel sad . cary found a vocal coach in her home town . after a few lessons she went back to the karaoke bar .
aya wanted to grow her own flowers . she bought seeds at the garden store . she planted them and watered them . soon she had little sprouts !
liza was surfing one day . suddenly while paddling , she felt a sharp sting . she looked down and gaped with shock . a shark and nipped off one of her fingers !
my parents split up . my dad went out of state to work . he met a new girl . they fell in love .
a company came to give a quote on windows . they walked around and measured all the windows . they then sat us down and went over their products . all the options looked great .
tom wanted to build a boat . he went to the store to buy the wood . tom couldn't afford all of the supplies . his father helped tom buy the other supplies .
his stomach churned as he raced down the stairs . he knew he must reach the restroom before he became too sick . he leapt down the last steps and flew past a co worker . the restroom was only feet away from him .
bradley finished his test . he got up and gave his test paper to the teacher . the next day , he receive his paper . the teacher gave him a d .
kelly was going swimming in the ocean yesterday . she had fun and loved the water . unfortunately something terrible happened . to her surprise her earring was gone .
a man walked down the street on a summer day . he walked past a mail box and noticed a letter on the ground . upon examination , the letter was addressed and stamped . the man thought that the letter must have fallen out .
harry bought a puppy . harry and the puppy loved each other . they grew old together . by the time the puppy was a dog , harry knew it would die soon .
hank grew out a large beard . his friend told hank that he looked like an old homeless man with it . hank went home and intended to shave it off . he brought the razor close to his beard and paused .
samantha arrives at the bar for her date early . she decides to look through the magazine sitting on the bar . samantha becomes engrossed in an article about peaches . by the time her date arrives she has read all about peaches .
tara was sick in bed all week . she missed work due to a really bad flu . tara got a surprise visit from her boss in the evening . her boss sent her cookies and a get-well card .
earl went out with his cousin jack plenty of times . earl didn't think anything bad would happen this day . but jack had a stolen car for them to ride in . next , jack pulled into a bank and then came running out with cash .
david was walking home from school . he heard a tiny bark behind him . a small black puppy was following him home . he asked his mom if he could keep it .
my dad took me to a baseball game when i was little . he spent that night teaching me all about the sport . he showed me every position and what everything meant . he introduced me to one of my favorite games ever .
last night i had the worst headache . the pain literally was lasting hours . nothing would help the pain . finally i took advil .
bonnie's family went berry picking . they got so many strawberries they weren't sure what to do with them . they had strawberry shortcake for dessert every night for a week . they learned to make jam and canned over two dozen jars .
mary wanted to dress up as an angel . so she got the wings and the pink outfit . and she even wrote what she was trying to be so no one would wonder . but some of her friends as school started laughing .
ron really wanted to get promoted at his work place . he researched different strategies to move up within the company . ron found out a higher position was created for bilingual employees . the requirement for the new position is to be able to speak spanish .
shelly bought a pack of gum at the store . she chewed it so often that she fell asleep with it in her mouth . the next morning there was gum stuck in shelly's hair . her mom had to cut out a large chunk of her hair and she looked funny .
penny went to the arcade to play his favorite game . he put 2 quarters inside the pacman machine . he played vigorously until his hands hurt . the game made a sound when he beat the last level .
kimmy loved owls . she visited a national park with her brother to try to spot them . they arrived at dusk and sat in their hiding spot . soon they saw an amazing sight .
sal loved to draw designs for shoes . he would pin them up all around his workshop . one day a rich businessman came to his workshop . he saw all of sal's designs and was very impressed .
eric was having a picnic in the park with his girlfriend . eric was eating a sandwich and enjoying the weather . all of a sudden , a pigeons swooped down and snagged his sandwich . eric quickly chased after the pigeon .
stella was so excited that a new family had moved in next door . she watched out the window waiting to see the new kid . after getting out of the minivan , the new girl went inside . but then a confused stella saw the same girl get out of the car again !
todd was tech savvy . he always had the latest of every gadget . he went to the local electronics store to browse . he eyed a new drone model that was just released .
jordyn's family goes on vacation every summer . they always choose a different place each year . this year they are going to disney world . jordyn has wanted to go to disney for many year's .
we all went on vacation to vermont . we went to different maple syrup farms . we tried different cheeses at cheese factories . but our favorite part was the trip to ben and jerry's .
ray was camping . suddenly he heard a scary noise in the middle of the night . he peeked outside his tent . it was a huge bear sniffing around !
rachel loved to sing . her parents and friends told her she was good at it . rachel uploaded videos onto youtube of her singing . people said she was off key and terrible .
ida really wanted hardwood floors in her living room . she worked overtime often to save up the money . then she shopped for the flooring and had it installed . when she saw her new hardwood floors , she almost cried .
my sister in law had only four teeth . she did not see a dentist for years . last month her teeth started bothering her . she had her teeth pulled .
jon just broke up with his girlfriend . he was feeling quite depressed . he called up his friends for support . his friends came to pick up jon .
jimmy wanted to get some work experience as a senior in college . he applied as an intern to a construction company nearby . he really enjoyed working for them and was offered a position . jimmy accepted the position as a full-time employee .
ray was cooking pork chops . when he was done he shouted to the family . no one ate the pork chops . ray was sad .
when rick was 6 , his father gave him an allowance . rick had to clean his room once a week to get the allowance . the first week , he forgot to clean his room . he cried when his father didn't give him an allowance .
frank opened his present . it was a shiny red wagon . he started to cry . his father explained that he'd once gotten one as a gift .
the soccer game was tied 3 to 3 and there was a minute left to play . julie had never scored a goal yet , but knew today would be her day . ashley passed her the ball and this was chance . she kicked as hard as she could , and the ball soared into the net .
i did not drive until i was 26 . i lived in the city and used bikes or mass transit . my brother urged me to get a driver's license . i took courses and passed the road test .
molly loves popcorn . she eats it everyday . on molly birthday her mom took her to the popcorn factory . they took a tour of the factory .
tim rented a car to visit his ill mother . tim's mother was in a nursing home in detroit . while on his way to the nursing home , tim was in a car accident . the tow truck driver offered to drop off tim at the nursing home .
i'm waiting for a payment to come through the mail . after several weeks , nothing came through the mail . a few people knocked on my door . apparently they have the mail with my payment .
rich had worked in the woods for years . he spent most of his days alone and his nights drinking . as he got older he realized his lifestyle needed to change . he went to alcoholics anonymous and sobered up .
omar was walking his dog in a new neighborhood . then he realized he had gotten lost ! omar was afraid . he retraced his steps carefully .
dana thought his girlfriend's roommate liked him . but tonight he found out how much . he showed at his girlfriend's home and her roommate opened the door . she sat next to him and then put her feet in his lap .
june was three year's old and was a picky eater . her mother was fed up with her daughter being so picky . that evening her mother served june her food . june threw the food on the floor and her mother sent her to bed .
janice was excited to bring cupcakes to her work for her birthday . she worked all day on making the perfect frosting . each cupcake was truly a work of art . everyone at her work loved them .
ally and jill went for a walk . it was cold outside and it started to snow . they were far away from their house and started to get very cold . they decided to knock on a stranger's door for some help .
last night i was trying to bake a casserole . i decided to have a cup of wine while i waited . one cup turned into three and then more . before i realized it i fell asleep .
there was a black widow hiding in my shoe . when i tried to put the shoe on , the widow stung me ! i began to feel intense pain and sickness . my mom called the ambulance and i was rushed to the hospital .
i was at my friend's house last week . he left to the bathroom and his mom entered the room . she told me i was cute and started flirting . i told her i wasn't interested .
missy bought a ticket to the carnival . she went in and looked around , open mouthed . she loved all the games and rides ! she spent the whole day having a great time .
gwyneth's family was hosting a foreign exchange student . he was from algeria and had never seen snow . one day in december , they awoke to see the ground covered in snow . he was delighted and ran outside in his shorts to jump in it !
jim bought a frozen pizza from the store for dinner . he got home and threw it into the freezer . when he went to cook it he realized it was ruined . he went back to the store and exchanged it for another .
anna and jessica were best friends for most of their lives . one day at school , jessica heard anna saying bad things about her . when jessica confronted anna , she lied about it . jessica knew she could not trust anna .
molly wanted a new outfit for the first day of school . she did extra chores to save the money to go shopping . at the store , she found an outfit she thought looked unique . she excitedly dressed in the new outfit and headed to school .
tia went out to a bar one night with a guy she'd just met . the unscrupulous guy drugged tia's martini when she wasn't looking ! poor tia , unsuspecting , drank the martini and became very groggy . she remembered nothing until she woke up naked the next morning .
mary took her son todd to the library one morning . they participated in the children's story time . after the group read some books , they did a craft . todd created a fun mobile to take home .
steve decides to have an easter egg hunt at his house this weekend . he buys a dozen eggs , colors them , and hides them in his yard . steve announces the hunt to all of his friends with kids . everyone has a great time at steve's easter egg hunt .
sheena mocked her sister's fear of expiration dates . she slurped down the yogurt that was two days past the use by date . she felt the sickness hit her as she drove home . she barely pulled over in time before she threw up uncontrollably .
gina had done everything she could think of to beat the heat . and it was only noon . the sun was still high in the sky . she decided she needed to go where there was air conditioning .
the other day at the clinic i had to help put a dog down . he seemed really sad and lonely . like he knew what was going to happen . as we laid it down and it took its final breaths it stared at me .
ian was continuously late for work . he almost always showed up 20 or 30 minutes late . his boss let it slide at first , because he was a good worker . eventually , his team decided to get in a new alarm clock .
jane wanted to get healthy , but cleanses were too harsh . she bought a green juice powder online . she drank the drink everyday for 2 weeks and ate lightly . although it was tough jane stuck with it for a month .
jon decided to go to the pawn store . he found a bornite-coated chalcopyrite crystal . he bought it for three thousand dollars . later , he figured out that he was scammed by the pawn clerk .
tom was spending too much money on bottled water . so he decided to buy a water filter for his kitchen faucet . it was expensive . but it would save him money in the long run .
dan flew out to spain because he was in love with a girl . it was someone he had corresponded with on facebook . dan and the girl met over drinks , and dan fell even more in love . at the end of the date , the girl told dan she wasn't interested .
billy was 6 , and just learning to read . his parents took him to the library . billy was amazed how many books there were ! they stood in line for his library card .
bill was working all day at the office . it was so busy , they made bill skip lunch . after bill's work day ended , he looked for a place to eat . he found a red robin right around the corner .
eric was helping his dad clear a wooded area . they were going to put a picnic table there . all of a sudden he was swarmed by bees . he had accidentally disturbed their nest .
bertha wanted to get a haircut . however , she was undecided on how to cut her hair . bertha had a idea to go to a wig store . at the wig store bertha tried on different wigs .
tim was making pizza . it was for the family . however all the ingredients were gone except the dough and the sauce . he nervously put bananas on the pizza .
kyle had always loved spending time in his local library . he loved to be around old books . one day kyle saw a sign that advertised an open job at the library . when he interviewed for the job , it was clear that he would be great .
he didn't know how the television worked . he tried to fix it , anyway . he climbed up on the roof and fiddled with the antenna . his foot slipped on the wet shingles and he went tumbling down .
eddie's dad took him to a wrestling show . eddie loved the whole show ! afterwards , he got a wrestler's autograph . he decided wrestlers were the best guys ever .
sarah was at home when her power was shut off . she had no money to pay the late bill and fees . she contacted a charity in town . she explained the situation .
angie's baby shower was set for this friday . the weather was supposed to be beautiful . once friday morning came , the sky started to darken . angie was so afraid that it would rain because it was outdoors .
theo played his drums everyday for the last three years . he had been feeling like he needed to take it to the next level . he decided that finding a band to join was his best option . after looking online around he finally heard of a good choice .
it was the annual school amusement park trip . amy was excited about the water rides . she waited in line to go on the log water ride the flume . when her log reached the top of the drop she became afraid .
sam is having his family over for thanksgiving . he got up early and put the turkey in the oven . he worked hard all day prepared all the different side dishes . his family arrived just as the turkey came out of the oven .
it won't stop snowing . all the roads are blocked and it's freezing outside . i'm afraid we'll lose power and freeze in here too . there's almost no food left and most stores are closed .
tom was making some pasta . he boiled some water . he left the kitchen to answer an important phone call . when he came back there was water all over the ground .
the sullivans decided to go to the country fair . it was their first as a family to such an event . there were so many things to do ! the family split up and each of them did what they wanted to do .
phil wanted to make steaks for dinner . he went to the local butcher shop to get some meat . the guy working behind the counter was really informative . he helped him pick out the perfect cuts .
john couldn't wash his clothes because his washing machine was broken . john didn't know how to fix washing machines . he bought a book to tell him how to repair it . he changed the fan belt .
shane and john were best friends at school . shane was caught stealing and got suspended from school . john was not allowed to be friends with shane anymore . this bothered john greatly but his mom explained the reasons .
kristie's church was going on a mission trip to alaska . kristie really wanted to go . it was very expensive to go . kristie worked at her job every chance she got .
neil was visiting scotland . he was backpacking , so he had little money . but then he found a city called glasgow . there , he found cheap hostels and inexpensive food .
tom always wanted to see a moose . tom decided to go to maine where many moose live . tom saw a moose while driving on a back road . tom tried to take a picture of the moose and fell out of the car .
cho wanted to do well in school . so he started a study group with his friends . he studied hard every weekend . his grades began to climb up .
pam thought her front yard looked boring . so she decided to buy several plants . and she placed them in her front yard . she was proud of her work .
bill wanted to play baseball today . he called several friends to coordinate a time . his friends agreed to play at six o'clock . at the field they began warming up .
barry was throwing the ball at his house . he accidentally broke a window . he cried because of all the damage . his father decided to help him fix the window .
mike was very sleepy and hungry . but he had to stay up to finish work . he thought eating food would help him stay up longer . so he put some bread in his toaster .
i heard that dog parks were good for dogs . one day , i decided to get my dog and go to the park . i put my dog on a leash and got in the car . we finally arrived at the neighborhood park .
gertrude has always wanted to visit atlanta . finally she decides to make her dream trip a reality . she spends several days seeing the sights in atlanta . gertrude loves trying the local food and seeing musicians perform .
when mark was 7 , he got a pair of glasses . he loved the glasses because he could see clearly . he went to school and other kids made fun of him . mark stopped wearing his glasses .
sara decided to go for a run . she laced up her sneakers and headed out the door . as she was jogging down the street she slipped on some ice . she badly injured her leg .
gina had been working on a report when her friend called . gina didn't have a lot of time to finish the report . but when her friend suggested they meet at the park she agreed . gina figured she still had a whole day and a half to finish the report
kori was taking a science class . she had a test coming up . she studied very hard for her test . the day of the test came , and she had no problems taking it .
trudy went for a job interview . she answered the questions they asked and showed her resume . they discussed her wage if she were hired and her hours . she was happy with this .
maddy was always used to seeing old man joe . she thought of him a sort of watchman . each morning when she passed him she'd give him a dollar . sometimes , she'd even bring him some coffee or a bite to eat .
i smoked since i was twenty years old . last year i decided to quit . it was hard not to smoke the few months . it got easier to stop everyday .
last night jack went on a blind date . when he arrived at the restaurant a he heard someone yell his name . he spotted a blonde waving from across the room . she was nothing like the photo she sent .
one day while driving home , marsha heard a loud pop . she got out of her car to investigate the cause of the sound . sure enough , marsha noticed that her front tire was deflating . marsha realized the tire had been punctured with a rock .
ana was driving home one night . then she saw the check engine light on her dash . worried , she pulled right into a mechanic's garage . the mechanic examined ana's car for her .
julie was a scientist who worked for a university . she received a call from another professor . the professor asked her to be part of his expedition to the jungle . julie found a flower that she had never seen before .
it was getting dark . amy knew she had to get home , but she hated to leave ben . he hugged her goodbye . they agreed they would meet at the same time next week .
henderson had dreamed of having a small coffee shop . he started saving up his money to open a shop downtown . finally it was the day to open his new shop ! henderson had many customers on his first day .
sandy went into the kitchen to get something to drink . she kept hearing a rattling by the stove but couldn't see anything . she opened the fridge to get the pitcher of tea . about that time out pops the mouse from the stove .
janey was having trouble seeing well . she made an appointment with the eye doctor . the doctor said she needed glasses . janey picked out the frames she wanted and then went home .
last week i lost my phone . i looked everywhere for it . after a few hours i had a good idea . i figured i would call it .
every morning i start my day off with a half an hour of reading . one morning i was too late to work and missed my reading time . it left me thinking of nothing more than reading the next chapter . eventually i was able to take my first morning break .
sam's siberian huskies dig huge holes all over the yard . he decided to give them their own place to dig . he sectioned off an area with bricks . sam made a habit of burying treats and toys in that area .
my brother and i saw 2001 a space odyssey in 1968 . we cut classes to watch the movie . we went to a special cinerama three screen theater . we enjoyed the movie and talked about it afterward .
barbara had a problem with her ex-boyfriend . sometimes he would come by her house asking for a date . she would tell him no but he still continued to do it . eventually her boyfriend got fed up and told him off .
randy wanted to buy a house very badly . he spent years saving his money . after a decade of saving , he had enough for a down payment . randy got approved on his mortgage and bought his home .
laura found a stray kitten walking along her porch . laura fed the kitten some cat food . the kitten was really hungry ! laura nursed the kitten to good health .
i had to write an analysis paper for english . i read the source material over and over . i thought about it very hard . then , i wrote my analysis paper .
two bowling teams were set to play a game against each other . the one team all took out their balls and polished them . they got their balls to shine intensely . the lights of the alley bounced off the balls .
neil took a ferry to the island of sicily . the wind blew his hair as he watched the waves . soon it docked , and he stepped onto the island . it was so breathtakingly beautiful !
eric was shooting hoops in his driveway . all of a sudden it started to rainy . eric slipped on a puddle in his driveway . he fell down and scraped his elbow .
steve was extremely excited to go see the new star wars movie . he bought tickets months ahead of time to see the premier . he avoided the internet to stay away from any spoilers . the day of , steve arrived early to get the best possible seats .
mark decided that he wanted a new puppy . excited , he drove to the animal shelter . once there , he wandered around and looked at all of the cats and dogs . a golden lab caught his attention .
my brother and i went bowling in 1963 . there was a bowling alley on washington street in boston . they had only candlepin bowling . my brother beat me in 5 games .
greg was a messy person . and he ate every meal at his computer desk . one day , he spilled soda all over his keyboard . when it was his birthday , a friend bought him a new keyboard .
kay was shopping online for an art set . she found one she liked due to its reasonable price . kay looked at the product reviews for the art set . twenty of twenty reviewers noted that the pens in the set leaked .
collin likes to dress up . one halloween he decided to wear his costume to the office . collin's boss did not permit costumes to be worn in the workplace . he received a write-up .
tony had a job interview ! he got his suit ready ! he forgot how to tie a tie ! he quickly called his dad !
danny bought a new shirt . he wore it to school the next day . as he was eating lunch , he spilled mustard on it . he scrubbed it off very hard .
greg had seeds for tomatoes . he planted them in his garden . he watered them every morning . he was sad that nothing happened .
lloyd has had the flu for a week . he hasn't gotten much better . he's old and can't fight it off as well . he doesn't think he will make it .
calling people at night is risky . if you call after nightfall , be prepared . i did this the other night and got yelled at . i did not like that so i hung up .
paul put money in the bank ! he wanted to save a lot ! he really wanted to take money out too ! he decided he should save the money .
kelly was super excited for the new drawing at work . she was hoping she could win the new ipad . she put her name in and crossed her fingers . luckily her name was picked .
bon had been writing his pen pal luc in france for months . then luke said his family would be visiting america ! bon was so excited that he would get to meet luc in person . his parents agreed that luc and his family could visit their home .
we were tourists in italy and had just flagged a cab down . we climbed into the small foreign car and told the driver where to go . the cab jetted off like a shot as it sped up and down the steep hills . it felt like a roller coaster , and ace of bass blared on the radio .
jan's baby was born premature . she had some health difficulties . the doctor said that she needed to wear glasses to help her eyes . he prescribed special glasses for premature babies .
sam opened his email to a new insurance premium . he quite literally spat coffee when he saw the final tally . he steamed that the jokers had raised his rate by $50 ! sam spent the whole day shopping around for a new insurance broker .
mike was in charge of the local flea market . a man called him and asked for a spot at the market . mike told him it would cost $40 to set up a table . the man on the phone tried to bribe mike with some of his wares .
polly planted crocus bulbs with her grandmother . grandma told her that they would bloom in early spring . there was a late snow that year . but the crocus were not to be deterred .
brenda wanted to learn how to swim . so she took swimming lessons at a local college . her instructor noticed that she had potential . and he encouraged her to join a swimming team .
paul was embarrassed by his bad skin . he had been troubled by acne for a long time . he realized it was causing him to be antisocial . he made an appointment with a dermatologist .
naomi and andy were riding their bikes in downtown sf . naomi heard a loud crash and turned around to look at andy . andy had swerved away from an oncoming vehicle and into a trolley . on impact andy was flung over his handlebars and landed on his wrist .
ala went to the park . there she saw a few of her friends . they challenged her to a game of frisbee . ala accepted the challenge .
dana couldn't find her car keys this morning . she looked everywhere . she examined each room carefully . she finally signaled a sigh of relief .
tam , the star of a popular musical came down with laryngitis . her understudy sal , would have to perform opening night ! sal gave a wonderful performance . the director made saul the new star .
heather decided to call her grandma on her birthday . she dialed grandma's phone number . the phone rang . grandma answered the phone .
stella twisted her ankle in a basketball game . it was a painful injury . she wouldn't be able to play for at least 6 weeks . there was a recruiter coming to her school next week .
it was very hot outside . since it was so hot , i decided to make popsicles . i took a mold and filled it with fruit juice . then , i put the popsicles in the freezer .
eunice is interested in feeling less anxious all the time . a friend recommends she tries practicing yoga . at first eunice finds yoga very challenging . eunice enjoys yoga more after several months .
a man was stranded on an island . he had no idea if anybody would come to save him . the first thing he did was make a fire . next thing he did was start building a shelter .
beth noticed things were missing from her desk at work . her husband suggested investing in a miniature camera . beth set it up and put some money in her drawer as bait . the camera captured her coworker going through her desk .
jerry loved running everywhere . he ran to school and back . he ran to the store . one day there was a beautiful sunset .
toni took a trip to the local fair with her family . she immediately laid eyes on a pretty balloon . the balloon was red and star shaped . unfortunately it slipped out of her hands .
travis needed some fast cash . he thought about it and decided that selling his car was a good idea . travis listed his car for sale in the local paper . after only a couple weeks he found somebody very interested .
on the first day of preschool , i sat next to a random boy . we started talking about sports and we instantly liked each other . i invited him to my house and his mom dropped him off . we played football , basketball , and baseball .
lars was playing xbox . his controller stopped working during a game . lars didn't have a car so he had to walk all the way to the store . the store was being remodeled when he got there so he went to another .
i was buying a magazine the other day . the price came out to more than i had . it was off by only a few cents . the stand didn't accept debit cards .
he couldn't believe what his boss told him . the boss told him he could leave early . somebody else would finish his work . he had not been this excited in a long time .
craig just graduated high school and wants a job . he gets the daily newspaper and checks out the help wanted ads . he draws up his resume . one of the people where he applies calls him for an interview .
charles thought sherry was a poor girl , and he loved her . sherry had been on unemployment for a year , since charles met her . one day , sherry was very busy and savvy finding a job . she landed a position as a loan officer in a bank .
joan saw a tv show about coupon queens . she decided to join in this thrifty enterprise . joan's boss found her clipping coupons instead of working . he told joan she was no longer needed on the job .
i used to store my unread books on the floor . today i decided to organize them . i cleaned out a row on my book case . i transported about 10 books to the shelf .
the office worker claimed she was the best multitasker in the world . her boss wanted her to prove it , so she gave her a bunch of jobs . the worker cracked her knuckles and began the list of jobs . the worker worked with a great flurry and speed .
eli was at a party with older kids . they decided to start drinking beer . he tried to fit in and drank some too . he got sick and threw up all over the living room .
carla wanted to eat a hot dog after class . but the food truck that was usually on her campus wasn't there . she found out that it moved to another location on the campus . it was such a long walk from her class .
patricia grew up in the 1980's . she was inspired by the glam rockers she listened to . she learned guitar so she could be a glam rocker someday . as an adult she gathered talent and started a band .
nancy took her son to see some of her friends . her friends decided to smoke and offered a cigarette . although she had a baby on her , she decided to smoke . her son ending up crying from the smoke .
tina went to the park to go on a run . it was a glorious day outside as she ran across the field . she stopped at a bench to take a rest . a butterfly landed on her hand .
marcus wanted a new hat . after he checked his piggy bank he went to the mall . he went inside the hat store and tried on various hats . after he found a hat he liked , he bought it .
malcolm was a brilliant mathematician . he wrote many books on the subject . his books were easy to read and easy to understand . the helped people around the world .
our family moved from new york to north carolina . we really missed our family and friends back home . our aunt and cousin came for a visit one weekend . we spent four days doing a lot of fun stuff together .
dennis was walking in the woods . he found a black lab . the lab tried to bite him . dennis showed he was a friend not enemy .
every year i have a christmas party at my house . this year was no different . i grabbed my friends together and we had a party . i got it catered and had a dj as well .
tim had just gotten fired from his job . he had no money and no place to live . he asked his parents if he could stay there . they graciously let him stay at their home .
today was moving day . unfortunately it started raining early in the morning . since all of my things were packed , the move went quick . we got a little bit wet !
lorraine decides she wants to dress up for a night out . at first she is unsure how to look especially nice . finally she decides to apply mascara and lipstick . she feels much more confident and beautiful .
stacey was going to the store . her mother told her to take an umbrella just in case . stacey said it wasn't necessary . sure enough it started to rainy while she was at the store .
ana was grilling chicken for a picnic lunch outside . suddenly she had a yen for sweet fresh corn to accompany the meal . she went through the fields behind her house and picked a few ears . then she brought them back and buttered and grilled them .
tom loved burgers . he went to his friends house to eat dinner . they were having burgers made of turkey not beef . tom got angry when he found this out .
mom took us some place special today . we got to meet our new friend . our new friend is a cute , black puppy . we get to bring him home today .
paul had to write a research paper for school on monday . paul sat around all weekend and forgot about his paper . he finally remembered his paper on sunday night before bed . paul sat up all night typing his research paper !
ava and jim decided to take their little boy to the circus . they thought he'd love the performers and animals . but when they took him , they got a shock . the poor little boy wailed with terror !
bob sorted his laundry carefully to separate out the whites . when the buzzer went off he opened the washer . to his horror , his clothes were no longer white . he had accidentally left a red shirt in with the whites .
ivy was scared to go to summer camp . but she steeled herself and got on the bus . when she got there , she went to talk to the other campers . soon she had made a few new friends .
timmy was on an eco-tour in the forest . he was studying bats . he set up cameras and observed their habits . after a week he had collected lots of data .
while doing dishes i grabbed two tea cups with one hand . they banged together and chipped one . i picked up the chip and set it aside . the next day i glued it back together .
thomas finds that coffee always tastes better when he makes it . his wife has tried to make coffee the same way that he does . it never turns out tasting the same , however . he tries to teach her how to make it the way he does .
a man breaks into a house and begins to take things . he takes jewelry and games , some cash , and some food . when the family comes home they call the police . the police come and investigate and manage to track him .
jane was addicted to a soap opera . she would watch it every day . last friday was the big finale . she was glued to the screen .
my parents needed to buy a new television . they went to the electronic's store . they were overwhelmed by the choices but found someone to help . he made their decision easier with his answers .
eric's mother made him practice piano everyday . he also had piano lessons every week . he was really unprepared for his lesson this week . his teacher screamed at him for not practicing .
john was at the gym . he tried to lift too much weight on the bench . he couldn't get the barbell off his chest . he was too embarrassed to call for help .
theodore was taking a typing class . he worked very hard on learning to type quickly . he was sure he wasn't moving as fast as he should . the day of the test came , and theodore was nervous .
one night tom and allie went for a walk to the general store . they had to walk along a winding highway through the woods . along the way , they talked about their various memories and interests . when they got there , they bought some snacks and sat outside .
sue had a date on thursday night . they went to a movie and got food after . she thought it went well and was excited for a second date . unfortunately it's been a week and she hasn't heard from him .
vianna needed an entirely new wardrobe . she checked online for places where she could buy clothing on a budget . she saw that forever21 had good clothing . she saw many items that she liked .
its very quiet at night with no nurses running around the hospital . only the constantly humming machine beside my bed comforts me . the machine has become my life . life has become very simple now with an uncomplicated goal .
jack was reading his newspaper when a black feather landed on it . he looked mystified at the feather . he looked up , wondering where it came from . there was a giant raven looking at him !
amelia had heard that you could eat dandelion salad . she was curious . she picked a few dandelions and leaves . then she tossed them into salad and drizzled it with dressing .
reggie had never drank alcohol in his life , he was 19 . he was doing military job training in alabama . his acquaintances invited him to a forest to drink alcohol . he drank much and headed home with one another , none knowing the way .
bob got ready for the children's performance . he got out his makeup kit and washed his face . he applied a coat of white paint . he then drew varying colors of rings around his eyes and mouth .
larry loves food . he does not know how to cook . one day , he took a cooking class . to his surprise , he was a good cook .
jake used to feed the squirrels that came to his yard . he was pretty sure that he could tell them apart . to test this , he used to give one squirrel more food than the others . eventually , he was able to identify which one it was .
jennifer always wanted to have the birthday of her dreams . her parents surprised her with a big birthday party at the park . all of her friends and family came to celebrate her special day . she was so happy as she blew out the candles on her cake .
yesterday i was at the mall shopping . to my dismay the alarm went on . apparently someone stole clothes . thankfully the perpetrator was caught .
it was my first time ever playing football and i was so nervous . i had never been tackled before . i hoped it would not hurt . during the game , i got tackled and it did not hurt at all !
florence wanted to find something fun to do one afternoon . she decided to drive to the lake to go fishing . at the lake she met three other people who were also fishing . although she did not catch a fish , florence had a great time .
sarah was out with her friends . she had been watching a movie at the theater . sarah lost track of time and arrived back at home late . she missed her curfew by a few hours .
tim and his friends were standing on an overpass . they were chucking rocks at cars as they passed under the overpass . usually they missed , but one time their rock shattered a windshield . the man pulled over and got out of his car .
an office worker booted up her computer . she intended to do her quarterly reports . no matter how much she clicked , though , she could not open programs . despair settled over her like a pea-soup fog of misery .
old aunt margaret loved her tea pot . it had been in her family for three generations . passed down from mother to daughter . unfortunately old aunt margaret didn't have any children .
neil loved visiting romania ! transylvania was lovely even though he saw no vampires . but his favorite stop was bucharest ! the romanian capital was vibrant and lively .
i woke up today and realized the plants needed water . i went to the kitchen to retrieve the pail . after working a bit , i watered all of my plants . it might take a day or so but they'll look better .
stacey's cats were acting weird . they would run and hide randomly . she took them to the veterinarian to see what was wrong . they said both were perfectly healthy .
i found a cat outside one day . i took her to the boat with me . i was planning on taking her to the shelter . however , i got very attached to her .
my dad was dating a girl . the girl had a friend . the friend liked my dad . my dad eventually started to date the friend .
betty didn't like onions . she would order everything on a burger except onions . when she got back from the fast food place she opened her burger . it had onions on it .
sue just bought a brand new computer . she wanted to play games on it . she downloaded her favorite game . she was so glad that it ran smoothly .
mary was near the end of a 2 hour dental procedure . the novocaine was starting to wear off . she could feel her flesh being cut . but the dentist kept going insisting it was only pressure she felt .
nita had a perfect halloween witch costume . but it was chilly out and she needed a jacket . she did not want to ruin her great costume with a plain jacket ! she asked her mom for help , and her mom made her a blanket 'cloak' .
melanie's smoke detector's alarm went off every time she made toast . she put up with the annoyance for two years . finally , one day she decided to unplug the smoke detector . that very day , a real fire started in her apartment .
joe was working at a marina . the winds started to pick up and he could tell a storm was coming . he had to take his small boat to pick up some customers at sea . the storm started rocking his small boat violently .
mia was making brownies for a party . she just used a boxed mix . the brownies turned out pretty good . at the last minute , she added frosting to the top of them .
kyle invited everyone he works with out bowling one night . most people couldn't go but matt and john showed up . matt had never been bowling before so they had to show him how to . after a few games , matt picked up how to play pretty well .
while sitting on the bus he saw her standing on the corner . her beauty was like none he'd ever seen . as he walked off the bus he wondered if he should have pursued her . he slowly took the elevator to his tenth story office .
it had been raining for days . the water came into the house and we couldn't pump it out in time . we moved up to the second floor but were afraid of the stagnant water . eventually a rescue boat came by and got us .
jolene was running late for work . she was speeding in her car . a policeman pulled her over . she was given a speeding ticket .
natalie went out of her way to make people unhappy . she wanted other people to be as unhappy as her . she primarily worked with petty insults . she made people self-conscious , and they left her alone .
year's ago i decided to start buying investment bonds . i completed the forms necessary for payroll withholdings . the deductions started immediately . in 2008 the economy went bust which caused the bonds to lose value .
eve wrote short stories and published them online . she didn't make any money but enjoyed her hobby . one day , she saw an advertisement for freelance writing . she submitted one of her old published stories .
sal scoured the jungle looking for the perfect sandal wood . he came across a perfect candidate tree ! he cut it down and brought it to his shop . the sandals made from the tree were very high grade .
jackie was 11 and had to get braces . she was worried about what her friends would think . she tried to hide them when she first got them . eventually her friends saw them and she was embarrassed .
alfred had a barbecue with his friends . they all came and brought their favorite dish . when the food was ready , everyone sat down to eat together . the food was delicious and the company was great .
cody really wanted a smart phone . his parents said no , believing him to be too young . cody protested that all of his friends had their own phones . his parents phoned some of the other parents .
i was really excited about the jimmy buffett concert . my friend jeff was going to come pick me up at 6 in the evening . but i was feeling sleepy , and took a little nap about 4 o'clock . when i finally woke up it was nearly 8 o'clock at night !
this year the american idol auditions came to philadelphia . since jen only lived 2 hours away , she auditioned for the show . she arrived at the stadium among thousands of other contestants . jen was so nervous when she stood in front of the judges .
i found a flower in a field that i've never seen before . i took out my knife and cut the head off . i wrapped the head and put it in my bag . when i was home i dried out the flower head .
harry had a big crush on mary . he asked her out on a date one evening . mary told him that she wasn't interested . harry was saddened by her response .
john was not looking forward to his social studies class . they were learning to knit scarves to make for the homeless . as the teacher taught them what to do , he realized it was fun . he finished a scarf in class .
fanny is new at school . she is from england . many kids do not understand her accent . this made fanny sad .
fred wanted to go somewhere nice with his girlfriend . he had already been saving for months to take her out to eat . he was going to take her to the most expensive restaurant in his city . he got dressed in his best clothes and went to pick her up .
my brother and i always compete at carving jack-o-lanterns . we try to see who can carve the craziest face . i carved a face comprised entirely of different-sized squares . my brother carved a face in a strange spiral pattern .
michelle was walking down the street . then a man in a mask grabbed her purse and ran . michelle did not know what to do so she yelled at him . a passerby stopped the criminal and held him down .
i was listening to music last night . it was a great new song . i didn't realize how loud it was . the neighbors knocked on the door and asked to turn it down .
iris was supposed to bring wine to dinner . she went to the liquor store . she browsed the wine selection . then she found a great bottle of wine to bring .
today was the day that my online project was due . it consisted of a group assignment with three other members . it was my duty to organize an informative powerpoint . when i called them to email me their work , no one responded .
harold wanted to see his favorite band in concert . when they finally came to town , he bought a ticket . he entered the concert hall and found a good place to stand . the band played for three hours .
all of the registers were full at the grocery store . joe picked the shortest line and waited . when it was his turn he threw all his food on the belt . joe barked at the cashier to scan his food quickly .
john was a terrible boss . the workers decided to depose him . so they filed a complaint . despite the complaint and following lawsuit john stayed .
i had always wanted to get a puppy . i finally felt i was ready to adopt one . a friend gave me the name and number for a breeder . i visited her to see the puppies available .
my mom remarried when i was five . she married an alcoholic who was physically and mentally abusive . he used to make me pick out a belt so that he could whip me . one day i grabbed the belt away from him as he was hitting me .
ray looked at his monthly power bill with anger . he went around his house and began to shut off extra lights . on his second trip around the house he unplugged extra electronics . ray say in the darkness with satisfaction .
dan made up his mind that he would buy a boat by the end of the week . he spent the first few days checking out the closest dealerships . after the third day he found one he was interested in . on the fourth day he went to his bank to get a loan .
janet wanted to convince her friend marge that palm reading is bunk . she agreed to undergo a palm reading with marge . the palm reader informed janet that her brother was angry with her . janet did not have a brother .
stephanie went to her favorite restaurant . she ordered her usual sandwich . she bit into something crunchy and unusual . upon inspection , she noticed the foot of a mouse in her sandwich .
the snow had finally finished falling . bobby and his friends rushed outdoors to play in it . they made snowmen , snowballs , and sledded . finally , they decided on an all out snowball war .
when rod was eight he wanted to be a drummer . he would flip his mom's pans over and hit them . his parents had to put all the spoons out of his reach . after years of wishing , his parents bought him a drum set .
leopold's iguana went missing from his cage . leopold looked everywhere and couldn't find the iguana . leopold thought the iguana must have gotten outside . leopold put up posters around his neighborhood .
i visited harvard square in 2004 . i watched the chess hustlers play speed chess . i put down $5 and played a game . i played 3 more games and lost $15 .
sally liked to skip . she skipped everywhere she went . she was skipping down the sidewalk one day . sally tripped and fell down hard .
a man got very tired of being dripped on by his igloo . he built himself a new one out of dry ice . it solved his dripping problem . unfortunately , dry ice sublimates into carbon dioxide gas .
ava had hairy legs . she asked her mom if she could shave them . ava's mom said she was probably old enough . ava was so excited !
sasha loved writing from an early age . in her twenties she begins writing a novel and finishes it . sasha decides to self-publish on amazon . her book is sold through the kindle marketplace .
agatha loved to bake cookies . one day she put a batch in to bake . however , after twenty minutes , there was no scent of cookies baking . she went to see what had happened .
lacey had a bunch of chickens . one day , she realized one had laid an egg ! she was so excited until she realized the egg was cold . she asked her son about it .
tom didn't know why his internet speed was so slow . he called his cable company but there were no problems . he finally decided to buy a new router . that made a huge difference .
on easter , hannah wanted to dye some eggs with her children . the family sat around the table with the eggs and colors ready . she helped her daughter make a pink and yellow egg . she made herself a light blue egg .
jessie's friend john handed her a box of candy . she smiled , thanking him as she walked to her next class . midway through she opened the box for a snack . inside john had put a note asking her to prom .
kevin was getting ready to leave for school in the morning . but he couldn't find his sneaker anywhere ! he looked everywhere with no luck at all . then he decided his dog had probably hidden the sneaker .
i once had to write an essay about war . i wrote it over the course of 5 days . it was difficult and in detail . it was hard to write about .
amy saw shoes online she wanted . she went to the local mall but they didn't have them in her size . she went to another mall to find them . they also didn't have them .
my roommate made fish for dinner last night . unfortunately , the fish was very bad . even still , i ate it because he had worked so hard . when i was done , he told me he hated how the meal turned out .
becky's grandmother had promised her a special book . it had been handwritten by her great-grandfather . when becky's grandmother died , her cousin took the book ! becky was very angry and wrote her cousin a plaintive letter .
tay ordered a pizza delivered to her house . when it arrived , she reached for her wallet . she saw that she had just enough to pay for it . that left no money to tip the delivery boy !
stevie wanted a new skateboard but didn't have enough money . he went around the neighborhood asking about odd jobs to do . he made a little bit of money but not enough for his new board . his parents were proud of him , so they pitched in for the rest .
gina waited outside the office before she had to go inside . she hoped her friends would come to see her before class began . the bell rang and the halls emptied . she went into the office and took a seat waiting to be called .
one christmas , i received a shiny and expensive-looking briefcase . the next day , i filled my new case and gathered my things . i set the briefcase on the roof temporarily while i loaded car . while i was driving , people were beeping at me .
martina was the goalie for her soccer team . they were up tied in the 4th quarter . with the time running out the opposing team stole the ball . the player on the other team kicked and scored .
the baby had recently learned to crawl . she could crawl all over the living room floor . one day she crawled to the sofa and pulled herself upright . the next day she managed to pull herself up and stand for a second .
jim was summoned for jury duty . he had to call in to skip work . he arrived at the courtroom . he sat through the entire trial .
charles didn't take the advice of not dating girls one works with . he began dating his supervisor . his supervisor got jealous because charles gave a coworker a ride . charles' supervisor turned into his enemy .
bill bragged about the patriots all year . he would make negative posts about other teams on facebook . he would brag about every win they made . the broncos beat the patriots in the playoffs .
nina was trying to quit drinking . she decided to join a support group . she went to their meetings every week . in a few weeks she was handling her cravings much better .
mary was pissed at paul for forgetting their anniversary . paul had to think quick . he decided to call his friends to help fix things . they helped him set up an amazing party and invited everyone .
bob's uncle passed away a week ago . he got a call on a monday afternoon from a lawyer . the lawyer told bob that he had inherited some things . bob got into his car and drove to the lawyer's office .
deirdra wanted to be a great blues musician . she listened to a lot of work by greats like bb king and taj mahal . she bought a guitar and tuned it for blues music . she booked a bar venue and started getting her work out there .
it was raining very hard one day . it seemed like a bad idea to go anywhere , so i stayed indoors . i looked for something to do . i decided to set up my painting kit .
ted went for a drive one day . he drove all around town and looked at who was out and about . then , he drove to a more remote place . he stopped , got out of his car , and ate a picnic lunch .
joey went to disneyland with his family . he was so excited to meet mickey mouse . when he met mickey mouse he was so excited he couldn't speak ! joey finally said hi to mickey and it was great !
gina's uncle burned incense all day long . gina liked the scent . she leaned in close and took a big whiff . the smoke made her choke .
samantha went to the park in the morning . she went to walk her dog . her dog pooped on the grass . samantha forgot to carry a plastic bag .
peter was very hungry . he only had two dollars in his bank account . he decided to go to the grocery store . luckily , noodles were on sale for less than two dollars .
pam tried to trim archie's claws . she tried holding him all different ways . he didn't want them clipped at all ! finally she thought of something that would work .
larry spent a long time finding a spot to put up his hammock . he spent even longer actually putting it up . after it was up he tried laying in it . he kept falling out , though .
larry bought new shoes last week . he wore them for the first time to school . unfortunately they weren't broken in and really hurt . he was in pain all day .
robert had a crush on sue . sue had a crush on robert . robert asked sue on a date . she agreed to go .
i wanted to do something fun . i found an interesting movie online . i saw that it was playing in a local theatre . i decided to go see it .
miles knew his girlfriend , teresa , loved pandas . he devised a plan to give her the perfect birthday gift . he spent his whole week making stuffed pandas for her . when her birthday came , he gave them to her .
bob had to drive to his parents house to make it home for thanksgiving . there was a huge snowstorm brewing . bob ran into a pile of snow on the highway . the front bumper came off on his car .
john was trying to hail a taxi in the rain . he was going home to his girlfriend for valentine's day . when he looked over , he saw his ex waiting for a cab as well . although he couldn't stand her , he agreed to share a cab .
billy really needed help with his test . he fretted all night that he wouldn't pass . he went to school early and his friend ash helped him . when he got the test , he knew all the answers .
a plumber was called over to fix a leaky sink . he took out his tools and got to work . the problem was that two pipes did not fit together perfectly . the plumber replaced one of the old pipes with a newer pipe that fit .
mary decided to take her husband to a football game . when they arrived to the front , they gave their tickets away . they sat in the second to last row in the front . although their favorite team was losing , they had a good time .
nathaniel was an exceptionally bright child but he hated to sit still . his mother was nervous that he would struggle in public school . after a great deal of thought , she decided to teach him at home . in this environment he could be himself and also get a good education .
earl needed to buy plastic bags to put his lunch snack in . there were too many sizes of bags for him to decide between . earl just picked the biggest bag and the smallest bag to be safe . he found out that the big bag was way to big and the small too small .
it was graduation night for john . his parents traveled the night before to see him walk the stage . john waited patiently for his name to be called . the counsellor of his university called name and handed him his degree .
jane purchase a backpack online for her teenage nephew . she was pleased to see how excited he was when she gave it to him . he hurriedly ripped the plastic wrap off the backpack . when he tried it on it was too small .
mike would try every year to water ski . it was always hard for him . then he committed to getting stronger . he was then able to easily do it
ally's dog met a porcupine . the dog ended up with spines in her face . ally had to take the dog to the vet . the vet pulled each and every spine out of the dog's face .
perry was at a restaurant over the weekend . he ordered a semi rare steak . when he got it he complained that it was too salty . they sent it back and gave him a new steak .
ellie went to her first concert when she was 18 . she went by herself , because no one else shared her taste in music . she stood at the very front of the stage , and danced to the songs . she clapped loudly until the band came back for an encore .
it was mother's day and jill wanted to do something special for her mom . she got up early so she could fix her mom breakfast . everything started off well , with toast and pancakes . unfortunately she burned the toast to a crisp .
tracy made up a story about a unicorn for her daughter . her daughter laughed when tracy told the story . her daughter wanted to write the story down in a book . tracy helped her write it down , and she drew illustrations .
gina was at the library at school . she wanted to find books about dolphins . she looked on the shelf where she thought they would be . but there were no books about dolphins .
ever since junior college , charles has been following rules . he never drinks and drives . but he met a girl in a bar yesterday and she wanted to drink with him . then she wanted to go back to his apartment .
pizza is my favorite food . we have pizza day at school every month . pizza day is a day where we eat all sorts of pizza . i ate so much pizza on pizza day i felt sick .
mac needed a new tie . he went to the mall . he shopped until he found the perfect tie . he took it home and tried it on .
about ten year's ago i fell in love with a gorgeous man named brock . we saw each other every days for 6 months . the love of my life told me he was moving to japan for a promotion . i was happy for him , and yet sad for my broken heart .
anna had been having nightmares . her dad put a nightlight in her room . he left it burning all night . anna felt comforted knowing the light was always on .
charlotte was about to board a plane to the united states . she was about to embark on 10 month journey as an exchange student . she had promised her mom not to fall in love with an american . but when she met shane it was love at first sight .
today was lara's birthday ! her boyfriend , george came over to her house and cooked dinner . they watched a movie together and cuddled on the couch . after the movie , george gave her a silver necklace .
john argued with kevin . kevin owed john some money and refused to pay it back . the argument was intense and led to blows . john pulled out a gun and shot kevin in the stomach .
dylan wanted to buy a new video game . dylan asked his mom so she said no . dylan decided to do some extra cores and earn allowance . dylan worked hard and on friday his mom gave him allowance .
andrew owns a summer house . he goes there every year . this year he lost his job . he has to sell his summer house .
jim had never seen snow before . he had just moved to indiana a couple week ago . when he woke up and saw snow he was amazed . he wanted to go sled on the biggest hill in town .
lou decided to make a youtube channel . he posted daily video logs of his life . his fan base was growing quickly . lou was out at the mall and was recognized by a subscriber .
dan and carol met as manager trainees at a fast food restaurant . they were sent to further training in a town three hours away . they decided to drive together to save on costs . talking in the car for hours each way , they got to know each other .
rob needed some suits cleaned . he went to a new cleaner that opened near his house . it was a bit pricey but he hoped they would do a good job . a few days later he got his clothes back still dirty .
travis enlisted in the marines with dreams of serving his country . he was sent to a train at a base on the opposite side of the nation . travis missed his family and friends but could not contact them . he became depressed and started making poor choices .
i wanted to make hot chocolate . i took milk and warmed it up . then , i added cocoa powder and stirred it all up . i tasted it , but it was terrible !
there was this amazing salad buffet right by my house . they have the best salads with the most varieties and the best prices . i used to go there almost every day on my lunch break . i found out last week that they shut down for good .
when i was young , i approached my cousin's dog and it bit my forearm . the bite broke the skin and i was bleeding and ran to my aunt and mom . when i tried to say what happened , they told me not to interrupt . i waited patiently , holding my arm and bleeding .
ben wanted to sell his rocking chair . he had it for 20 years . he dusted it off and put a for sale sign on it . he placed it in his yard so people would see .
john attended technical school and studied very hard . he got high marks on his final exams . john graduated first in his class ! he received numerous letters of recommendation from his teachers .
lance was trying to pick up girls at the club . he offered a couple drinks . only one agreed but didn't pursue it further . eventually he got drunk and frustrated .
lucy's mom took her to see her first ballet at a young age . she decided at that moment she wanted to be a ballerina . she begged her mom to let her take lessons . lucy was enrolled in her first class the following month .
amy's shorts for her volleyball uniform were too small . she had a hard time moving in them . she asked the coach for another pair . there were no more .
last night was spent facedown on the bar . i was having a wonderful time until the tenth shot . that was about the time i realized i drank too much . i dance with a man's wife and i kiss his mom .
last week's family game night was intense . we were playing monopoly and nobody made any headway for hours . everyone was trying their hardest to win and the game kept going . it wasn't until we finally decided to check the rules that we knew why
a woman went shopping for a power drill . the salesman at the hardware store smelled blood . he was unctuous and condescending . disgusted , the woman left the store .
nancy just came home from work . she grabbed her phone after it vibrated . she received a message from her boyfriend , who asked her to break-up . when she called him , he didn't pick up his phone .
joey loves watching the kansas city chiefs . he went to a game this year and met andy reid , the head coach . joey got his autograph on a football . when he came home he told all of his friends .
valerie found a cat outside the restaurant she worked in . he was so thin and hungry . val took him home and fed him . she gave him a lot of love and care .
when audrey was a little girl she was excited to start school . as the youngest , all her siblings started school before her . on her first day of school she was so excited to meet her teacher . when she came home she told her mom all about her new friends .
my day on sunday this week went as expected . my family and i attended church from 8 to 11 in the morning . afterwards , we went to eat dinner at a restaurant . the rest of my day was spent doing homework assignments .
tara was watching the baseball game . her tv started to flicker . the bulb in her television needed to be replaced . tara drove down to her local electronics store .
george was taking a hot shower . suddenly , the water became very cold . george quickly jumped out of the shower . shivering , he used a towel to dry off .
john planted a garden last spring . he tilled the soil . the tomato plants began to produce . but crows devoured john's harvest .
cory couldn't find her watch . she was wearing it yesterday . she couldn't remember anything about the watch since then . she looked everywhere .
adam went to the park . there he ran into a few of his friends . they invited adam to play frisbee with them . adam agreed .
braden wanted to be a male model . he sent in some photos to an agency . soon he got a call from them . braden was ecstatic to hear they liked his pictures .
tom and his friends went hiking . but he only had one pair of shoes . they got very muddy and dirty . and he had to wear them to school the next day .
irene was taking part in the school play . she wanted to be an actress but she did not get any roles . so the director offered to let her design costumes . irene accepted , and found that she loved the work !
we went to hawaii this summer . i was so excited to go . the island was beautiful . i have never seen such a clear ocean .
gina got on the bus and watched the door for her friend tami . she hoped they would walk to the bus together , but they hadn't . tami had stayed and was talking to the girls who no longer liked gina . and this worried gina .
gina popped her new cd single into her boombox . the first song was the one she liked . the second was a mystery to her . she listened to the second one first .
lee was hiking in the woods all day . when he came home , he felt a weird itch on his arm . looking down , he saw a tick stuck to his forearm ! lee quickly pulled it off of him .
one day when tim turned on the faucet's water was brown . this was happening all over the city . it went on for over a year before the national media took notice . by then it was too late .
joel inhaled deeply as his part in the jazz concert approached . he began to play his saxophone , concentrating as hard as he could . joel managed to make it through his part without any mistakes . he looked up into the crowd .
arthur fell asleep while smoking one night . the cigarette but was still lit and fell on the floor . it rolled to the curtains and caught them on fire . eventually his whole house burned down .
kim decided she wanted to become a vegetarian . she was only 13 , but she knew it was the right thing to do . except her mother refused to stop cooking meat . she also refused to cook something special just for kim each meal .
john was much shorter than his teammates on the basketball team . he hardly got any playing time . two players were injured during the playoff game . he finally got off the bench .
aaron was walking by a lake when he saw a swan . he realized that the swan was injured . aaron used bread to lure the swan to shore . he then picked it up and took it to the hospital .
jim's school was having a blood drive . jim decided to volunteer . a nurse pricked jim in the arm . the entire process took an hour .
max had been dating maddie for three year's . he had never met her family . he felt very suspicious and told maddie he wanted to meet them . maddie was worried because she had a secret .
my friend texted me , wanting to hang out friday night . i wanted to take her out for dinner . when i tried to contact her on friday , i got no reply . despite the change of plans , everything turned out great .
amy and ben were young , and in love . they were sitting on the swings in the park together . ben reached over and grabbed her hand . she was surprised and pleased .
i went to the park to play frisbee with my dog . i tossed the frisbee to my dog and he would catch it in his mouth . i accidentally threw the frisbee too far . the frisbee landed into the pond .
ivy needed a way to feed her family on thanksgiving . she entered into her local grocery store's raffle for a turkey . she submitted her receipts every week with her phone number on them . a week before thanksgiving , ivy got a happy phone call .
mark and andy worked at a pizzeria . they both loved to make pizza . one day they decided to open up their own pizzeria . the pizzeria became very busy and profitable .
i rescued a kitten from the pound . he was adorable , sweet , purebred and free . the first morning he started acting ill , not eating and listless . the vet ran a myriad of tests and found several things wrong .
it was a cold winter night . the roads were slippery . jim was driving home from work . he lost control of his truck .
james noticed his cat's belly was getting way too big . he took his cat to the vet . the vet told him that his cat had tapeworm . james got tapeworm medication from his drugstore shortly afterwards .
trisha's son got sick last night at eight . he vomited all over her and the floor . trisha cleaned up and changed his clothes . he continued to be sick over and over again .
buttons is a black cat with a lot of soul . he always struts around like he owns the place . even strangers admire his tenacity . as though he was a lion in a past life .
yesterday , pat was on a hiking trip with her girl scout troop . while they were eating lunch , her friends were playing around . one of the girls grabbed her phone and threw it into the lake . the girl was reprimanded for her action , but pat never found her phone .
rainy fell upon the streets in gentle waves . matt watched from inside his house as water rose . he was afraid that the area around his house may flood . he and his family began moving things upstairs in case .
max is arachnophobic . one day max spotted a palm-sized spider on his wall . max got real nervous and didn't want to squash it . he started brainstorming ways to get rid of it without .
kyle hated the bologna sandwich his mom had given him for lunch . he looked around to see what his friends had . his best friend had peanut butter and jelly ! kyle asked if they could trade .
kenny and spencer never got along in class . they decided to have a boxing match after to settle things . they were supposed to meet by the swings but kenny didn't show up . he chickened out at the last minute .
fred needed some ice for a barbecue . he went to the store and pulled out several bags from the freezer . he went to the counter and paid for the ice . the attendant helped him carry them to his car .
jack loved to jump around . he was just a little kid that loved to jump . one day he jumped one too many times . and landed on a lego piece .
kelly was nervous today . it was her first day of school . she was the new kid . thankfully however she made new friends when she got there .
ana forgot her umbrella . after school , she realized it was raining . she was supposed to walk home . as she headed out , she noticed a familiar car .
one day , i woke up with the worst pain in my throat . i could barely even swallow ! i went to the doctor and she confirmed that i had strep . thankfully , she gave me antibiotics .
barry decided he was going to see a broadway musical . barry researched the internet for various shows occurring on broadway . after researching , barry decided he was going to watch cats . after getting dressed , barry made his way to the event .
ben was nervous to be going to the dance with pat . he bought a new suit just for the occasion . ben drove his father's car to pick it up . pat's father told ben that pat was ill and could not go to the dance .
my exam was a week from now . i decided to study today so i can understand the material better . a few days passed and i've spent a couple of hours studying . unfortunately i caught a during the day before the exam .
jackson had always wanted to grow a beard . his friends told him that a beard would look bad , but he ignored them . jackson didn't shave for a month and he grew a bushy , thick beard . admiring himself in the mirror , jackson felt satisfied .
gina and her friends were the only people in the library . gina had never been in the library at school with so few people . she liked it better this way . she wished her friends weren't there either and she was alone .
i got my nails done yesterday . the nails looked amazing . unfortunately today they chipped . i was working in the garden and they chopped .
david was tired of living with all of the ice and snow of ohio . so he decided to check with his travel agent to see where to go . unfortunately his travel agent didn't have anything available . david went home , but on his way saw a flyer for a cruise !
i bought a dune buggy for fun . i wanted to drive it out to the dunes and mess around . i strapped it into the back of my truck . i drove two hours to get to the desert .
lee wanted to give his mom a nice gift for her birthday . but he had no money ! so he decided to make her a card and cake . he put in lots of time and effort .
jeff found a diamond ring in the hallway at work . he brought the ring back to his desk . later , he read an email asking if anyone had found a ring . jeff returned the ring to its owner .
the book gina had started reading had been checked out . she wouldn't be able to see how the book ended for a month . she didn't have anything to read in the meantime . she searched the shelves , but nothing looked good .
one day , i got a message that my school's campus had been closed . the message said there was a bear on the grounds ! the police had to come and help get the bear away . they gave the bear a tranquilizer .
i watched the zebras run . they ran right past me . i chased after the zebras . they got away from me .
jamie's friends at school always told her baseball was a boys sport . however , jamie loved baseball more than any other activity . so jamie practiced baseball no matter what the others said . soon she was the best baseball player at school .
mowgli had just moved to los angeles . she lived in tennessee her whole life . her first night in california she went out to look at the stars . she used to always do that growing up .
billy loved to eat apples and healthy foods . he shared his loved of fruit with his family and friends . when he was older , he bought an orchard and raised apples . the apples tasted very good and were enjoyed by many .
rick lived in canada . he had never seen a gecko . he decided to travel to new mexico to find one . he finally saw a gecko !
i didn't like paying taxes . i enrolled in a tax preparer's class . i studied hard and long . i passed my tax preparer's class .
jenny sat down to open her easter eggs . she had collected them during the church easter egg hunt . she counted 14 eggs . some had little candies or stickers inside .
steven was a soldier for the army . he reached the rank of general after 5 years . when he was a general , he lead an army of men into a battle . none of his soldiers were killed and the battle resulted in a victory .
tina's mom had told her to put on her shoes almost ten minutes ago . she scrambled to find her shoes in her big messy room . tina had to move piles of clothes off the floor looking for her shoes . after searching for a few minutes she finally spots them .
it was midnight , and lynn's family was asleep . lynn and her friends decided to meet some boys at the park . they decided it would be dangerous to sneak out her room window . so they went to the basement .
brittany knitted scarves . she tried to make each one unique . she was making a scarf for her father . she put a snake design on it .
the family was lounging on a street bench when a dog walked up . it was dirty , scared and painfully thin . the family saw it had no collar . the dog was obviously in need of a home .
gavin had always wanted to use a bow and arrow . he found a local archery range and an instructor to teach him . at first gavin had trouble shooting arrows accurately . however , he did not give up .
connor is a writer . he spends many nights writing his novels . connor's neighbors are very loud and noisy . he talks to to them about the noise levels .
ed's family had moved to a rural area . ed learned that he was to be homeschooled . at first he was apprehensive . but then his mom started to make lessons fun !
peter needed a new pair of shoes . he threw on his favorite outfit and went out . he went to the mall and checked out the shops . in one shop , he found a nice pair of shoes .
there was a turtle in the lake . it climbed up on a rock to get into the sun . suddenly the skies darkened . it started to rainy !
i started getting into music in middle school . as my tastes expanded , so did my desire to attend a concert . my friends had seen one or two , but i had not . finally , after a few painful years , my time arrived .
francis has been inside his home for many days writing . he cannot remember the last time he left his house . finally he puts on his boots and decides to go outside . the air feels great on his face .
tina was a project manager for a technology company . she built software used in clinical trials . she met with the client to determine their needs and requirements . she configured the software to match their requirements .
curtis went down to the baseball field . his friends were already there . he joined a team and began playing a friendly game of baseball . he hit 2 home runs and helped his team win the game .
when i was young i hated mowing the lawn . as i got older i never really liked it any more . now that i have my own kids i make them mow the lawn . they hate it too .
it was time for the baby to take a nap . the mommy changed her diaper . the mommy read a bedtime story . the mommy laid the baby in the crib .
bob was playing basketball . he dropped his glasses on the ground . he was disappointed when he saw that they were broken . bob went to the glasses store the next day .
i invited a girl i like to the movies last week . she said yes . we decided to watch a comedy . it was pretty funny .
today , i was sitting in the computer lab . i smelled something very strange . i looked all around for the source of the smell . then , i noticed the girl sitting next to me had removed her shoes .
a mom took her kids to a family restaurant to eat . one of her kids was squealing with joy and laughter . patrons at another table complained that the kid was too loud . they passed the mother an angry note .
gina grabbed a funeral program and took a seat . the actual funeral didn't start for another 30 minutes . gina just wanted it to be over . she wanted to get away from the body as fast as she could .
ray was fishing in the ocean . he felt a tug on his line . he reeled it in , excited . but then he frowned in disappointment .
mary had always wanted to have a pet bird . when mary was young , her parents told her a bird was too much trouble . now that she had her own apartment , she decided to buy a parrot . it felt great to have a parrot and to not be alone all the time .
ara was in the school choir . her leader offered her a solo in the school play . ara was nervous but thrilled . she practiced every day for weeks .
tim was mad . he saw roaches in his house . he bought some cheap bug spray . however , it did not get rid of them .
zaiden lost his favorite cup . he looked for it in all of the bedrooms . his cup was not in any of the rooms . zaiden decided to look in the car .
lexi wanted to be a school teacher . she loved taking care of children . but when she became an assistant teacher , she regret it . disciplining her students was more work than she could handle .
jilly's mom waited in the car while she ran in to get donuts . she picked out 12 like her mother told her . the person at the counter said she could have one more . he called it a baker's dozen , 13 for the price of 12 .
trouble comes when folks do not listen . my daughter did not listen to me today . she was dancing too close to the wall . she lost control and hit the corner of the wall .
alex was trying to build a birdhouse . he spent almost an hour putting together the walls . when he went to put the roof on , he realized that it didn't fit . he had made a mistake with the walls .
tuie was a very spoiled dog who liked to be completely covered up . she would always try to get underneath adam's blanket . adam got tired of his blanket smelling like a dog . he went to the store and bought her a blanket of her very own .
louis was having a birthday party . and he ate a bunch of cake . but when the party was over , his head hurt . and he had trouble falling asleep .
jenny always used to take long walks with her husband bill . after they divorced , jenny stayed in the house and didn't go on walks . one day jenny decided to start taking walks again . she found that the walks were still nice , even without bill .
may was visiting the beach in fredonia . she loved the clear , warm blue water . the lake was so inviting ! may jumped in and swam for a few hours .
karel always wanted to tap dance . her friends thought it was nerdy . she still pursued her dream . eventually she became really good .
jasper has always wanted to get a tattoo . he knows that tattoos are painful but he wants one anyway . he decides to get a tattoo of a tiger on his back . the tattoo comes out looking great .
sarah got a new bike for her birthday . but she was very forgetful . one day she left it in the driveway . and her mom's car hit it .
i was walking to my house after riding the school bus . when i arrived at the front , i tried to open the door . the door was locked . when i tried to look for my keys , i couldn't find it anywhere .
ted was playing tennis with his big brother . he always lost , but today he was determined to win . he concentrated hard and did his best . and ted ended up winning the match !
jess was the hall monitor at her school . and she took pictures of students who broke the rules . but students complained she was annoying and invasive . so her camera was taken away .
we decided to take a trip today . the sky was cloudy and it was cold . we started driving and the rainy started pouring . we had to pull over because it was raining so hard .
sue had an ice cream cone . her brother smacked it out her hand . she told her mom . her mom made him apologize .
hallie wanted ramen noodles for supper . she threw a fit when her mom told her no . her daddy told her to stop her crying . she refused to stop crying .
gina knew her sister had taken her phone . she was furious because she had been looking for it for an hour . she grabbed her sister's shirt and demanded the phone . her sister looked terrified .
alex wanted to visit a circus in town . he looked the circus up on the internet . the internet had several pages showing how circuses abused the animals . alex was very sad when he saw the bull hooks used on the elephants .
sue was hungry . she went to the refrigerator and cupboard in search of food . she saw that she had no food . she found her jacket , purse , and keys .
i read to my son's preschool class today . the parents take turns coming in to read a story to the kids . my son picked his favorite book for me to read . the kids loved the story .
alfred and arthur had been best friends when they were children . unfortunately , when they got older , they began to fight . they stopped talking to each other for a few years . finally , they managed to reconcile .
gina decided to go to gym class in her everyday clothes . the teacher sent her back to the locker room to change . she stormed off making a scene . she sat in the locker room sulking until the teacher came to find her .
it was a sunny day , so sheila decided to take fido for a walk . on the walk , fido tried to run into a neighbor's yard . there was a robber in the neighbor's backyard ! sheila yelled for the robber to stop right there .
we would go camping every summer . we would pack lunches and trek out . we would stop at a rest stop for lunch . typically it would be a mcdonald's and i'd order fries .
my best friend played a video game online . one day , she met a nice boy there . they talked every day and fell in love . they finally met in person and hit it off .
aspen was about to get married . she was getting ready when she saw a text from her fiance . he was worried that she had left him at the alter . she realized that she was twenty minutes late .
tony went to the lake to think about his life . as he sat there he watched a man who seemed so peaceful . the man was fishing and didn't have a care in the world . tony decided life was too short and he too wanted to be a fisherman .
when cara was in sephora the other day she saw great stuffers . the stocking stuffers were so cheap . she decided to buy numerous ones for her friends . her friends ended up loving them .
kelly went on the longest grocery trip of her life yesterday . she ended up being there for four hours . the store was packed and had little help . therefore she was waiting in line forever at checkout .
vasiliki decided on cereal for breakfast . she got a bowl off the shelf . vasiliki opened a box of granola . she got a gallon of milk out of the refrigerator .
jessica excelled at track and field . she loved running , and challenging herself . she was confident that she would place first in her next competition . instead , she came in second place .
pete got a new video game for his computer . he wanted to spend a lot of time enjoying it . however , his work and other responsibilities gave him no time . finally , he chose to make time and set aside one weekend for himself .
andy misplaced his keys . he looked high and low and still no luck . he asked his wife where his keys could be . she found them under the couch
susan knew she hurt him by leaving . she knew she couldn't turn back . the next day she packed up and never looked back . she moved back in with her parents for awhile .
the oakland raiders' starting quarterback was injured . dave was their backup quarterback . dave practiced the entire week with the first string offense . dave felt he was ready to start the next scheduled game .
jerod's brothers talked him into trying online dating . he was nervous but was determined to do his best to meet someone . he view a lot of profiles before he found one he liked . it took him a week to get up the nerve to message the girl .
martha wanted to win the big spelling bee at school . she got a word list from her teacher and practiced every day . the big day finally came , and martha won the spelling bee ! she got a trophy , and her picture was in the newspaper !
samantha was very excited for her date with john . they were going to a very fancy restaurant downtown . john picked samantha up at six o'clock sharp . they went downtown and had a fabulous meal .
tia decided to make an ice cream sundae . she got all the ingredients together . she put the ice cream in a bowl . after that , she added the toppings .
kelly was excited to get her first pair of wireless headphones . finally she was able to purchase them . kelly drove over to bestbuy to pick them up . as soon as she got them she put them on .
lay was teaching her son to read . she taught him the alphabet . then she helped him sound out simple words . soon lay's son was reading short books .
sean loved to play video games . he played games on his computer and on his consoles . he played games all day , every day . sean ignored everything else around him .
olivia went out with harry on a date . harry thought the date was going well . olivia thinks he is a complete jerk . harry raves about their chemistry .
john had been looking at houses . he had not found one he was in love with . he finally found one in his price range . he put in an offer .
the girls went to a casino . all decided to play some slot machines . none won any money . in fact all lost money .
i wanted to eat a particular cereal for breakfast . i found that i had run out of that particular brand of cereal . i went to a store to buy some more . the store was also out of that brand and i had to buy another .
henry's mother dug through the laundry pile to find his uniform . to her surprise , the stain on his baseball pants had not come out ! she did not have time to rewash the pants . henry had to go to baseball practice with dirty pants .
javier has been walking to work for many year's . despite his long walk , javier is always at work on time . javier's boss realizes how long the walk is and buys javier a bike . now javier can ride his shiny new bike to work every day .
ella wanted to lose some weight . she decided to get some help . she joined a diet club at work . the girls all encouraged each other .
brad wouldn't stop bullying matthew today . when matthew tried to get lunch , brad smacked his tray . when matthew was walking , brad tried to trip him . matthew couldn't go to the bathroom alone , without brad being there .
a woman named hillary was keeping a secret . she was sneaking out of her house at night to party . her friends would pick her up after her husband was asleep . hillary would go to the clubs and to the bars .
i came home from school . my mom reminded me about a report that's due soon . i immediately started on it . since my brother was sleeping , i stayed up in the living room .
alanna was the worst student in the mathletes club . her crush had started tutoring fellow students in math . she felt embarrassed but signed up anyway . they hit it off right away and alanna worked very hard .
japan was preparing for the biggest tsunami of the year . they were gathering supplies for it . eventually it came and crashed down . it destroyed hundreds of houses .
neil had just arrived in germany . he couldn't wait to explore the country ! but first , he needed to sleep . he found a hotel and slept for ten hours .
cis was doing her laundry . she took her clothes out of the washer . then she spotted something . there was a $100 bill in the washer !
marta needed to visit her son's school award ceremony . her toddler had just passed out for a nap though . marta roused her husband from his nap . she told him to watch the baby while she was away .
katie saw a woman begging on the street . others passed without paying any attention , but katie stopped . she felt very bad for the beggar woman . she fumbled in her purse and handed the woman a $10 bill .
no one thought that francisco would finish his college degree . none of his family or friends had college degrees . however , francisco studied very hard every day at college . finally he graduated with a degree in biology .
gayle and her husband were skipping rocks at a lake . gayle picked up a smooth round rock to throw . the rock skipped four times before sinking into the murky water . gayle's husband selected a large bumpy rock to throw .
lori was drunk one night . her friends convinced her to get a tattoo . she picked a random one off the wall . the next week it got infected .
sadie and her best friend were discussing what they should do saturday . they flipped through the local newspaper for ideas . sadie noticed that the local art museum was having an art show . both thought that it would be a nice event to attend on the weekend .
loo had a red box he kept pebbles he collected in . one day loo went out to play with his friends . when he came back home he could not find his box . loo asked his friends to help him find it .
lou met a girl named jill . he was falling in love after a couple dates . jill always talked about her best friend bex . she really wanted lou to meet her .
anne needed to slim down , but she hated exercise . then she and her friend heard about a fun workout class to try . it was called pole dancing , and it promised fun and fat-burning . anne and her friends signed up for the fitness class .
cindy need a pedicure . she went to the local nail salon . the stylist massaged her feet . they also filed her toes .
kay was surprised to see her mother still had her tree up in may . her mother wanted to leave the tree up longer . when her mother left kay took down the tree . her mother was upset she took down the tree .
jenny is very thirsty . she suspects she is dehydrated . finally , she was able to find a water bottle . she drank the whole thing .
nancy was trying to print out her class assignment . the printer caught an error and froze . it took several minutes to reboot . when she received the papers , they were empty .
we went to portland , maine for a family vacation in 2006 . we saw the art museum . we visited the waterfront and had dinner on a ship . we watched a minor league baseball game .
my friend and his wife were unhappy for a while . they tried to work it out many times . both cared for each other deeply . but the differences were just too big .
john had studied really hard for his math test . he carefully filled out the bubbles on the multiple choice form . when he got the test back he was shocked to see a 0% . when he talked to his teacher , he realized he had graded it wrong .
kim and rob wanted a pet . they decided to visit the local humane society . they saw a lot of cute dogs . finally , kim found a small gray dog .
my friend had a bachelor party before her wedding . a group of us got together and went out on the town . we had dinner and drinks at a mexican restaurant . we then got in a limo and went bar hopping .
jake was studying hard for his act test . he wanted to do well so he could get into a good college . jake went into his test very prepared . he got a perfect score on his test !
tim was always on his bike during the summer . he was riding fast down his local street on day . he didn't see the huge pothole in the middle of the road . tim rode right into the pothole , flipping his bike .
the city was bustling . people were pushing against each other to see the ball drop . they started a riot trying to get a good view . however , it started to calm down .
ed went to the local chicken restaurant . he ordered a bucket of chicken to eat . when he got home he noticed it wasn't what he had ordered . it was all wings and thighs when is was supposed to be breasts .
mike used to play intramural volleyball . the one time before the playoffs his friend made a mistake . he jokingly through the ball at his face . next thing you know his glasses broke off his face .
today was the day fred was getting his exam back . he was quite excited . but at the same time he was nervous . finally when he got it back he saw that he aced it .
blake wanted to marry his girlfriend . he had the money for a ring . however he didn't know what ring to buy . blake called his girlfriend's sister for help .
charles and his friends went to universal studios . they visited the harry potter portion of the park . they boarded the hogwarts express at king's cross . the got off the train at hogsmeade at the islands of adventure .
francisco often feels bored and lonely on sunday mornings . while he is busy all week with work , on sundays he doesn't see people . today , francisco decides to go to a nearby coffee shop to read . as he sips coffee and reads his novel , he feels less lonely .
haley was doing gymnastics after school . she stayed longer than everyone else . during a tumble she fell and hurt her neck . there was nobody there to help .
julian planted some carrot seeds in his mother's garden . but they did not grow ! he watered them some more . he waited another week .
cassie always wanted to be an actress . she had some experience as a child doing plays at school . one day , she saw an ad in the paper for auditions at the theater . she got her nerve up and went to the casting call the next day .
jerry received several gifts for his birthday . jerry opened up his presents one by one . one gift with nice wrapping caught his eye . jerry grabbed the gift and unwrapped it .
sleep is precious . most nights , i only get a few hours . last night the kids were up six times . i only got an hour of sleep .
gina was bored in detention . she decided to text her friend mary across the room . she knew the mean teacher wouldn't approve . she kept her phone in her purse to hide it from the teacher .
a pop up appeared on my computer . i didn't know what it was , but i clicked it . my home page got directed to a webpage . out of nowhere , my computer turned off .
gina and her friends were feuding . she was the only one who was an outcast . the other girls were getting along great . gina kept her head down and kept working .
danny went to the gas station before work and filled up his car . when he got to work he decided to buy a coffee . at the register , he reached into his pocket and found nothing . he must have left his wallet on the top of his car .
she closed the door and locked it behind her . her movement was sultry as she approached him . he watched in easy anticipation . she swept him into her arms and they kissed .
timmy was a little excited about having a baby sister . his parents let him pick out some baby names . he really wanted the baby to be named jenna but his mom liked amy . when the big day finally came he stayed with his grandparents .
linda went to a special retreat to relax . on the first day , she was weirdly told to wear a white robe . everything they did was in unison and things were getting strange . she said this was not a retreat but a cult following .
mark brought work home with him last night . when he got to work this morning he couldn't find the work he did . he was sure he bought it back today . all he did was look for that file all day , now it was quitting time .
the dog sat in the cage at the shelter waiting for a family . one by one , families walked past , picking other dogs . he wagged his tail but still nobody wanted him . finally he took a nap .
nina was scared of the pool . she had never learned to swim ! but she dipped her toes in and then entered slowly . soon she was splashing and dog-paddling .
my neighbors have a problem with a mouse . they've been chasing it for days . they can hear it in the walls . today one of them saw it run across the kitchen floor .
my family went to watch the fireworks for independence day . this is something that we do every year , no matter where we are . the kids love the bright bursts of light , but hate the loud bangs . my youngest fell asleep during the show .
katie decided it would be fun to dye some easter eggs . she got her siblings together and they started dying a dozen . the chose all different colors . when they were done they looked beautiful .
my friend visited me from california . we went to his van , smoked and talked . time went by fast as we caught up . my friend told me that he had to go .
yesterday my friend and i got into a fight . it was a verbal fight but still hurtful . she was not being a good friend to me so i got upset . we ended up ending our friendship .
susan loved the beach and went often . one day , while she swam in the ocean , a tide pulled susan under . susan was terrified and feared she would drown . thankfully , a lifeguard was nearby and rescued susan .
just as the storm approached , the power went out in the house . ted went outside to investigate . ted noticed that the entire block was without power . he quickly got on his mobile and called the electric company .
it started snowing last week . it snowed for days . my friend told me to dive in the snow . i dove in the snow .
i really need to start a budget of my expenses . i spend too much money on things i don't need . i've been doing this for so long that now i'm in debt . my brother bought me a book on saving money .
aya entered a contest at her grocery store . shoppers could submit their receipts into a drawing for a new car . aya shopped a lot , so she had a lot of entries . she hoped to win the new car !
i love making popsicles . i get a lot of juice and pour it in the molds . when i take them out of the freezer they are so good . the taste is so rich .
fred was nervous for his golf tournament today . he got to the course and started practicing . as the tournament started , he tried his best . thankfully he ended up winning .
i was lost in the forest . i panicked because the woods were so thick . i kept walking and walking , until i was ready to give up . all the sudden , i heard a car go by .
my friend was moving away to college . we decided to throw her a party . we all met up with cake and snacks . she was so surprised to see us !
stacie went down to the river bank to feed the ducks . she opened her package of bread . the ducks eagerly swam towards her . stacie broke off small pieces of bread to give to the ducks .
kelly downloaded a fantastic new app . it allowed her to control the lights in her home . she was able to turn them off with a button . kelly loved the app .
sue decided to try a new meatloaf recipe for dinner . she gathered the ingredients and propped open the cookbook . a breeze turned the page when she wasn't looking . reading the recipe , sue added a cup of sugar to the bowl .
jim worked at the local coffee shop . he was the best barista in town . he always made sure his customers had the best drinks . jim's boss saw him working one day and was impressed .
amy saw a beautiful necklace at a store in the mall . the necklace was more money than amy had to spend . amy decided to save more money and return another day . after a month of saving amy was ready to purchase the necklace .
my senior dog is limping on his front right paw . i took him to a veterinarian to get checked out today . the veterinarian performed diagnostic tests on my dog . the tests show result showed that my dog has arthritis .
i was walking through central park on a fall day . i found a stray dog with a collar . i called the number on the collar and talked to the owners . the owners came to the park to pick up their dog .
beth asked amy to skip 4th period and go to mcdonalds for lunch . amy was hesitant but agreed to go . while at mcdonald's amy's band teacher walked in . he took the girls to the principal's office .
lucian was a musician , but not a very good one . he would compose music , but no one wanted to listen . finally , lucian decided to take music lessons . after years of practice and learning , lucian wrote good music .
brian was cold . he decided to turn on the heat in his house . when the heat came on , it smelled like something was burning . brian called the service man .
every halloween ned had a party at his house . the whole neighborhood looked forward to going to ned's party . ned moved away to a different town last year . the people in the neighborhood made ned's old house a haunted house .
kennan was born with a proprioceptive disorder . his mom had a hard time explaining to his brother what that meant . because kallen didn't understand , the boys fought a lot . this made things very hard for the family .
carl stayed home alone while his parents were on a trip . he was hungry and ordered food . after an hour of waiting , carl fell asleep . 3 hours later , a knock on the door woke him up .
jim was in high school as he heard the tell tale tornado siren . he felt a growing panic as he saw the green color of the sky . everyone moved into the hallway and kept their backs to the wall . he heard the whipping wind grow stronger outside .
my cane has a strap . the strap is attached to the end of the cane . the attachment kept coming off . i looked for a different strap .
gina's extended family was fighting another family . they were in a park , and someone called the police . the police cars drove up fast with their sirens blaring . they jumped out of the cars and began to run towards them .
irene had just gotten a job bartending to pay for college . it was her first night and she was afraid . she thought men would be rude to her . but they were so polite and friendly !
jay was falling behind in math class . there was an exam at the end of the week , and he was very nervous . jay hired a tutor , but it wasn't enough . the night before the test , jay stayed up all night studying .
the band walked to the front of the stage . they began to perform . the electricity immediately went off . everyone couldn't see where they were .
dave decided one day he wanted to go see a hockey game . he ordered a few tickets . he then invited some of his friends . they all went to the game , and had a good time
the waltons hadn't had a vacation in years . this last summer they decided to drive to the beach . the family drove for hours and stopped a few times along the way . they spent five days at a nice hotel at the beach .
one day tommy and his friend bill took a road trip . they jumped in the car and drove away . they drove to the ocean . they got out and ran beside the beach .
rachel's mother always made her and the kids kool-aid . one day rachel was very thirsty . she decided to make herself kool-aid for the first time . she dumped the package in water and stirred it up and took a sip .
the brown family was going to the grand canyon . they all piled in the car and began their drive from iowa . there were many stops along the way and the trip was long . when they arrived at the canyon the kids hopped out of the car .
a man dug a well on his farm . instead of water , though , he struck oil . jubilant , he placed some calls . a large oil company arrived the next day .
tay watched tv all the time . she decided to cut down on her tv consumption . she started by watching one less show every day . then she watched only on weekends .
myla was asked to be in a play . she a had a leading role . myla was struggling to remember her lines . her mother began helping her practice daily .
my kitchen had too much trash in it . i cleaned it up and put it into bags . i took the bags outside of my house . i then carried the bags down my driveway to the trash can .
it was anne's daughter stacey's first birthday . anne was excited to give her daughter this special day . she couldn't wait to share it with her . unfortunately it started to rainy .
jenny wanted to learn how to dance . she took a class on how to square dance . she then would go to square dances with her friends . one day she met a guy who square dances .
ally collects things with peacocks on them . for her birthday , fred bought her a peacock teapot . she loved it . she put it on her shelf to admire .
last march we performed a ching ming ceremony . ching ming is a chinese ceremony honoring the dead . my son , daughter , son in law and wife drove to a cemetery . we placed food , wine , and incense in front of family graves .
tyler needed some extra spending money . he began looking for after school jobs . finally he found a job at the local cafe . he makes coffee and bagels for customers .
tim's truck needed an oil change . he decided to do it himself to save some money . under the truck , he loosened the plug on the oil pan . suddenly , oil poured everywhere !
joey was excited to go to the ice sculpture display with his dad . his friend told him there all kinds of mythical creatures there . joey ran from one to the other to be sure to see everything . his favorite was a dragon that was at least twice his size .
my laptop stopped working . my cousin accidentally dropped it . she apologized . now i need to buy a new one .
my grandfather died last night . he had been battling cancer for months . it finally took too much of a toll on him . he passed away in his sleep .
hector was going to propose to his girlfriend sarah . he took her to the park to enjoy a nice romantic picnic . an airplane was scheduled to fly a banner above to ask the question . hector saw the plane flying over and told sarah to look up .
jordan met sally over two year's ago and got into a relationship . suddenly sally got distant with jordan . jordan heard through a friend that sally was seeing another guy . jordan confronted sally and she admitted to seeing another guy .
yesterday i was wearing my new shirt . the shirt was white and clean as could be . yet unfortunately i had an accident . i spilled some sauce on it .
samantha was happy to go away for the summer . she told all of her friends that she was going to hawaii . at the last minute her brother gets sick . samantha vacation was cancelled .
amy was scared of going to the doctor . the pediatrician was very patient with her and shared her stethoscope . amy found it very interesting and wasn't scared anymore . amy decided she wanted to be a doctor when she grew up .
gomez loves halloween . he wanted to enter a costume contest . for his costume , he decided to be mickey mouse . the contest had a disney theme .
jack has a big garden . he weeds it every day . once a week he takes veggies to the market . jack waters his garden in the morning .
as amy stood in line at security she realized she hated airports . she placed her purse into the bin and walked through . the tsa agent asked her to step to the side . amy had forgotten to remove her mace from her key chain .
debra decided that the bus was the most economical way to get to work . debra found the bus somewhat slow , but very cost-effective . debra also liked that public transit was environmentally friendly . she had to get up fifteen minutes earlier to make it to the bus .
i really wanted to make a snowman last week . there was plenty of time and snow . unfortunately i didn't have any gloves good enough . i had lost all the pairs that wouldn't soak through .
tom was delivering newspapers on his bike . it went smoothly until he arrived at this abandoned street . a house was empty but the door was open . tom went inside of the house .
when mary was a child , her class visited an apple orchard . hungry mary snuck off behind some bushes to eat an apple she picked . years later , she felt guilty because she had not paid for the apple . though a relatively trivial matter , it weighed on her conscience .
i went to trade in my car . i wanted something nice . i found a good car for good price . as i left , i turned on the a/c .
lisa wanted to go to her friends house . her mother had to run errands and need her to watch the kids . she could only go if she took them with . her mother gave her $10 to babysit and left .
cassidy always loved eating scones at the shop near his home . he decided to try baking scones at home . at first his scones came out too try . however , he kept baking new batches until they were delicious .
as archie was walking home , he noticed the sky was getting dark . he decided to run home instead of walk . the rainy started to pour . archie couldn't run home fast enough .
mellie thought she had seen a ghost . she looked all over her house with a flashlight to find the source . finally , she saw the ghost again . she worked up the courage to turn on the lights .
george had to go to court . he had to pay a parking ticket . he arrived at his local city council . he waited in line .
last week i ran into the cutest girl ever . we were both at the grocery store and our eyes met . i mustered up the courage to ask for her number . she said no .
pam was looking for a house to buy . after a few months of looking , she finally found a house she loved . however , it was a little too expensive . pam tried to talk down the price , and succeeded .
candy was nervous about her upcoming airplane trip . her sister gave her some sleeping pills to help her relax . candy hated taking pills , but once on the plane , she felt differently . she was too nervous and took the pills despite herself .
ted was seated at the bench at the airport , awaiting his flight . a family approach ted and asked him if he could watch something . they asked him to watch a large box while they looked for their kid . ted apologized and got up quickly and walked away .
a young man went to buy a shirt . he searched through several aisles . he found a shirt he liked . of course he paid for it .
i decided it was time for me to go to sleep . i started up the stairs . my kitty ran in front of me . i got into my bed and under my covers .
samantha wanted to watch a scary movie , but her mother said no . her mother left for work , and samantha decided to watch it anyway . the movie was so scary it gave samantha nightmares for weeks ! she wished she'd never watched it !
katie had waited till the last day to write her book report . she was nervous and had to hurry . she didn't do a very good job . her teacher gave her a bad grade .
class started in 10 minutes and i had a math assignment due . my older friend volunteered to do it for me . unfortunately , my teacher found out about the copying . she crumbled my paper and threw it in the trash .
ethan enrolled in a singing lesson near his house . he did not have any previous experience and was nervous . his instructor was a nice lady who was a world renown singer . ethan practiced singing the scales with her .
sunny went with her family to a village . the village was hosting a swap meet . her family found some great deals . overall sunny found the event boring .
kelly took an afternoon hike with her husband . halfway through the hike , her husband stopped . he pointed to the ground , where several animal tracks were present . kelly knelt down to examine the tracks more closely .
kelly was walking down the street . she is a attractive female . however , she started to get harassed . all the men were whistling and hollering .
neil was having a great time in athens . then a new friend offered him a traditional drink . it was a strong spirit called ouzo . neil had a great night drinking , but the next morning was awful .
kelly loved a boy named steve . they spent everyday together . one day steve asked kelly to marry him . she said yes .
on the fourth of july , lilly baked a lemon blueberry cake . she brought it to her boyfriend's house and they had a bbq . after dinner they drove into the city to watch fireworks . when the show was over , they got donuts from a food truck .
emma had been working as a dishwasher . her hands cracked and bled from the hot soapy water . then her mom noticed and concocted a special salve for her . emma used the salve every night before bed .
two friends heard about a local house-warming party . the friends couldn't decide if they should dress formally or not . one friend chose to dress in jeans and a t-shirt . the other went in a black dress .
an old rich man owned an island . he built a great zoo there . the zoo had unusual animals that nobody had ever seen before . a hurricane struck the island and many of the animals were set free .
joe woke up late for school . he asked his mom for a ride , but she had no time . he knew it was too late to catch the bus . he decided he had to run all the way to school !
carl wanted to make dinner to impress the woman he was dating . he studied some recipes and planned the meal . one the big day , his nervousness caused him to switch sugar and salt . his date could barely eat one bite and carl was crushed .
one month after jen's mom died , her father remarried . her new stepmother was literally five years older than her . at first , jenny could barely stand to be around the woman . then one night they went to dinner , and became great friends !
mill was headed to his first day of school . when he arrived to class the teacher sat him with other black kids . mill couldn't understand why he couldn't sit up front . his teacher told him the back is the spot he belongs .
mark took a sick day today , he was faking it , obviously . he didn't put on anything besides socks and boxers . he was eat ice cream and sing into his brush . the first verse of his encore he slipped on the hardwood floor .
ela was babysitting . her young charge wanted chicken nuggets . ela checked , but there were none in the freezer . she went to mcdonald's and bought some nuggets .
gina was putting posters on her bedroom walls . there was a poster of the cool new girl group . the girls were wearing bright colorful clothing . gina herself was wearing a brown shirt and khakis .
jake was swimming in his backyard . all of a sudden his pool burst open . there was a hole on the side of his pool . all the water leaked out of the pool .
em had had digestion issues lately . she visited her doctor . he suggested probiotics and active cultures . em started to eat enriched yogurt every day .
gina had searched for her lost pencils for days . she had even searched the bag of a boy she thought took them . she knew she couldn't ask her mother for more pencils . and she didn't have money to buy more .
aidan's family had moved to a very rural area . his parents discussed schooling options . aidan's mom didn't want him to ride a bus for three hours every day . she decided to teach him herself .
gina needed a blanket for her picnic . she wanted a red gingham one . the closest she could find was her mom's bedspread . she pulled if off the bed and took it to the yard .
tia decided her kids were drinking too much sugar . she decided to cut out soda pop . instead , she began to make sugar-free kool-aid for them . at first they complained about the change .
ed was nervous about starting high school . he tried to reassure himself . he showed up the first day smiling and friendly . he made lots of friends quickly .
my cat likes to hunt . one day my cat hunted a mouse . the mouse was really fast . the cat could not catch the mouse .
darren struggled with depression . he never could shake the dark feelings he had . finally he saw a specialist and got the help he needed . he learned that there were physiological reasons for his depression .
trevor thought that people didn't respect the xylophone enough . he loved the high-pitched percussive tones it made . trevor convinced a band to let him join with the xylophone . they had a top 100 hit that included xylophone on the track .
sara came back from the market . and she was eager to try the new coffee that she bought . after she finished preparing it , she drank away . sara was amazed by how smooth and rich it tasted .
one summer when my girls were little , i filled a pool in our backyard . i got nice inflatable pool toys , that the girls loved playing with . we carefully put the new toys by the side of the pool at sunset . the next morning , the pool water was muddy and the toys were gone !
tom worried that the winter would never end . it had been a cold february and he missed the warm weather . one day the temperature rose suddenly . tom was so happy to see that winter was finally ending .
jim loved carving pumpkins and so he entered a carving contest . first , he bought a large pumpkin from the farmer's market . next , he thought of and drew a design on some paper . jim carefully carved the design onto the pumpkin .
miranda went to bad late last night . as a result she ended up sleeping in . to her dismay she missed the bus . she ended up having to walk to school .
my sister in law is an elephant lover . she collected 100 elephant figurines . lately she grew tired of her collection . she had me try to sell the figurines on ebay .
ana was playing basketball when her finger started hurting . an hour later , she was unable to move it . her mother told her she was overreacting . later that night , she was in so much pain she couldn't sleep .
gina's niece was playing in the driver's seat of her dad's car . somehow she got the car out of park , and into reverse . the car began to roll down the driveway into the street . everyone ran to the car to try and stop it .
at the restaurant , the waiter gave me the wrong food . i asked the waiter for the correct dinner . the waiter brought me another incorrect order ! they messed up my order twice .
jake bought a metal detector . he took it to the beach to try it out . his metal detector found things buried in the sand . it frequently found quarters .
i had heard mr white and mr black argue for months . today i suggested mr black call the police on mr white . mr black said the 911 operator was sending the police . i witnessed mr white stabbing mr black .
chuck came home from work . he turned on netflix . his favorite show on netflix was breaking bad . chuck watched breaking bad for 8 hours .
there was a book series i loved very much . i looked forward to each new installment . when the last book came out , there was a midnight party at the store . i dressed up and went with my friends .
ross had big dreams to be a professional singer . he joined a band as lead vocalist . he took voice lessons . one day his band tried out for a talent competition .
it was gina's turn to choose classes at school . she was enrolling late and there weren't many classes left . she hated the majority of what she was offered . since she had few choices she took spanish , and gym .
terry liked collecting cups with weird art on them . he went to shops and trawled for good cups . his friends gave him cups at holidays . his prized piece was a zoo cup shaped like an elephant .
stewart and his sister were fighting over the tv remote . their parents yelled at them to stop , but the kids persisted . during a tug of war over the remote , it flew out of their hands . the remote smashed into the tv screen , resulting in a big crack .
tony had the pizza ingredients ready . he never baked a pizza before . tony wanted to surprise his girlfriend . he followed the instructions to make pizza .
billy loved playing video games . one day he begged his parents to take him to kmart . he saw a whole bunch of games there . he picked out a popular shooter game then took it home .
a heterosexual couple approach the checkin desk at a hotel . the woman excuses herself to go to the bathroom . a second man walks up to the desk and stands next to the first . the concierge assumes the two men are together .
brad had just gotten his license . he asked his parents for a car for his birthday . they told him they would think about it . they then went and bought him a car .
arnold changed jobs to be closer to his children . his children seems very uninterested in having him around . arnold plans more activities with his children . they begin to loosen up towards him .
jenny and her boyfriend boarded the ship . they were both excited for a boat trip around the harbor . they had never seen it from the water . they set sail and began the cruise .
once we got a new xbox , we knew we needed to get battlefront . my brother and i loved to play the game together . although the hard level was very hard and we couldn't get past it . but we would keep playing and trying to get past the level .
ray went to classes to be a plumber . his friends mocked him relentlessly for his career choice . but ray didn't let them bother him . he kept at it and soon was making $25 an hour as a plumber .
i arrived in school and decided to head to the library . when i looked at my phone , it had ten percent of its battery left . in addition , i forgot my phone charger at home . unless there was an emergency call , i didn't use my phone .
there was this amazing mexican joint right by my dorm . i would walk there a few times a week and eat tacos . the best part was that they were open all night . i went down there one night i found out they closed .
mary had lost forty pounds . she couldn't wait to go to the beach and show off ! she donned her new bikini and headed to the shore . there , she strutted up and down the water's edge .
richard lives in the philippines with his wife and two daughters . his oldest daughter is studying to be a police investigator . his youngest daughter will graduate high school this may . right after micah graduates the family is moving to america .
john was really bored at work one day . he decided to order a huge amount of marshmallows from online . he also bought a marshmallow gun . he spent hours shooting marshmallows at the birds outside his house .
sam decided to go skateboarding on the street . sam was doing well until a car swerved in front of him . sam fell and broke his arm . sam went to the hospital and his arm was put in a cast .
the church choir went around town singing christmas carols . while singing in the park , they encountered a homeless man . the homeless man seemed very annoyed with their singing . once he heard o holy night , he sang along with the choir .
today , jane made a salad . the salad had spinach , goat cheese and cranberries . jane drizzled balsamic over the top . she shared her salad with her sister .
mike took his son jon and daughter-in-law pam to the shooting range . he warned them to wear clothes that covered their neck and chest . if they didn't , hot spent shell casings could fall into their collars . pam's shirt didn't have a collar , so a bit of her chest was exposed .
as a boy i really wanted to meet a girl like my mother . but as i grew i found different traits desirable . hanging around other boys made me happy inside . i realized quite quickly that i might be gay .
we were on vacation , visiting great historical sites . on our last day we went to a mysterious island . the tour guide said this is where political dissidents were exiled . we decided to explore the island on our own , and left the tour .
in 1992 our condo had a kitchen fire . i was cooking a turkey . the grease in the oven caught fire . the fire department put out the fire .
gina's friend ruth had a friend named jane . gina and her other friends disliked jane . but ruth was always inviting jane to do things with them . the other friends decided to stop inviting ruth .
mariko took her friend julie to try ramen . julie had never had ramen that wasn't instant dry noodles before . she eagerly tried the ramen . it was so good , she ordered a second bowl .
gordy tried making some toast last tuesday morning . he wanted to have a decent breakfast for once . he waited and the bread never warmed . he finally realized that the toaster wasn't plugged in .
i was resting on my couch . my two cousins appeared out of nowhere . they raised their water guns . i immediately ran .
mark had an algebra test coming up . he wanted to get a good grade , so he studied hard every day . the day of the test came , and mark earned an a ! his hard work had paid off !
sam wrote a letter to his mother . he dropped off the letter in the mailbox . he was surprised to find that his mother did not receive his letter . she waited for a month for it to arrive .
the puppy came into the house with its paw bleeding . one nail was broken , but no one could determine what happened . the blood drop trail was followed through the back yard . the trail led to a low wire fence .
sally bought herself grapes . within a day they were gone . she didn't eat them . she asked her roommates but they all denied eating them .
jane met greg in an internet chat room . they agreed to meet at starbucks for coffee . they hit it off surprisingly well . they agreed to meet again the next day .
blake wanted a car . he searched all over for the best deal . he finally settled on a corvette at a dealership . he bought the car and he instantly fell in love .
greg was thinking about his favorite green things . he loved green apples ! he loved green lettuce ! he loved green cars !
joey's little sister was bugging him . he thought it might be funny to trip her . he tripped her , and she started crying . their mom ran into the room .
the other night my husband and i met our friend greg for pizza . greg ordered a pizza with anchovies , olives , and sun dried tomatoes . greg offered my husband a slice . neither of them could eat more than one slice because it was so salty !
lara liked to watch music videos on youtube . one day she was scanning popular music on the website . she found a music video by the artist chris brown that she liked . she felt conflicted because of the reputation of the artist .
the light bulb blew in amy's bathroom . she went to the kitchen to get another , but they were all gone . amy went to the store to purchase light bulbs . when she arrived the store was closed .
tyler decided to make a new fence for his yard . he worked all day long to dig the holes for the posts . the next day , he put the posts in . then he put up the fencing .
today was jet's first day of school . he was very excited but nervous about making friends . he was worried that the other kids would be mean . when he got to school everyone was so nice .
janice notices that she is very tired after work . her coworker suggests that they stop at a bar for a glass of wine . janice and her coworker have a glass of pinot noir and relax . janice feels much better on her walk home .
every morning my dog , rex , wakes me up by licking my face . one saturday morning i woke up to find rex nowhere to be found . i looked all over for rex until i found her in the laundry room . there she was licking four adorable newborn puppies .
two ships passed in the night . one was british and one was german . they saw each other and both fired their guns . the two ships began taking on water .
greg and his buddies went to the market to order a custom cake . greg told the clerk he wanted a cake shaped like a haunted house . the clerk said they had a few haunted house designs to choose from . greg and his buddies picked one out .
rachel went biking on a mountain trail . she took a less-used route . rachel got lost in the woods the trail was in . she met a park ranger in the woods and they got out .
our 19 month old granddaughter loves her uncle joe . it was joe's birthday yesterday . our granddaughter lives 200 miles away from her uncle . her daddy had make a video wishing her uncle happy birthday .
i needed gas for my car . i did not have enough money for any gallons . i looked under my couch pillows and in my pockets . i finally found enough change .
pat wore his favorite shirt to work . during a break he noticed a thread hanging from his collar . he followed the thread to a rip in the fabric . pat went to a store to buy a sewing kit .
kim went through her closet and pulled out all her old clothes . she took scissors and cut up all the clothes into strips . she took them and began to sew them to make a dress . kim put on her new dress and wore it around town .
gina and her friends were all talking about the new boy . he had arrived at the school today and received a new desk . now all the students in the class wanted new desks . but there weren't enough .
i decided i wanted to go to the park the other day . after thinking , i decided on which park in town to go to . after arriving , i set about walking the trails and relaxing . there were a lot of people out that day !
amy was visiting her best friend in phoenix . it was her first time in arizona . she was excited to see the town . she exited the airport and was struck by the heat .
tyler loved to sing and play the guitar . he played and sing in church . everyone loved it when he sang . one day tyler made an album .
my wife was coming home early from work last night . i decided to make sandwiches . she usually enjoys them quite a bit . she didn't come home when she said she would .
james was sad because all his friends joined band class without him . he begged his mother for permission and money to join but she said no . james got a job with the paper route and saved his money for weeks . finally , by week 5 of his route he had enough to rent a clarinet .
joy went to bed hoping for snow . she had a new sled she really wanted to try ! she was overjoyed when she woke up to six inches of snow . she got dressed as quickly as she could .
james wasn't into soccer , but he played it anyways . he was actually a great player . eventually he was offered a scholarship to play for tcu . he wanted to go to college so he kept playing .
it was a bright sunny day and the smiths wanted a break . they decided to take a small trip to the beach . just as they arrived clouds came out and it started raining . they decided to stay and play anyway .
on the fourth of july , the bank held an ice cream party . a mom took her toddler to it . they stood in line . when it was their turn , they got a balloon and some ice cream .
i was ill-prepared for my final exam coming up . i decided to make a cheat sheet to use in class . i was nervous , but needed an a . i put my cheat sheet in my palm and used it .
oscar was a wrestler in high school and practiced every day . during practice he got sweat from other people on him . he ended up coming down with ringworm on his left hand . he went to the doctor to get medicine .
i own five chickens that i keep in a pen to keep them safe . one sunny day i decided to let them wander around on my lawn . they were enjoying themselves when a large hawk swooped down . i saw the hawk grab my favorite hen and i ran after it with a shovel .
bob has heard that yoga will help him reduce his stress . he decides to attend a beginners yoga class . however , he finds that the poses are difficult and uncomfortable . one pose even makes his back ache .
harry needed to find a hotel room for a week . barry decided to research on the internet for hotel options . after selecting two hotel companies , harry had to make a decision . after comparing , barry decided on a hotel .
cay decided she was too stressed out . she decided she would try to meditate to calm her stress . each morning she sat cross-legged and closed her eyes . then she thought calming thoughts for several minutes .
johnny and his mother have been fighting for years . the fight has gone on so long neither one remembers why it started . one day johnny decides to call his mother to tell her he loves her . the decide to put the fight behind them .
lina's dentist told her she needed braces . she didn't want them . she was scared everyone would make fun of her . luckily , after she got them , everyone complimented her on them .
tom decided to ditch hanging out with our family . he wanted to go on a date with his girlfriend . they went to a restaurant . he found out that she was waiting for another man over there .
bob wanted to bake a birthday cake for his wife . he mixed all of the ingredients together in a bowl . then , bob poured the batter into a pan . he baked the cake for 30 minutes .
sarah was typing out an essay for her english class . her laptop started to make a funny noise . the screen turned black . sarah took her laptop to a computer repair shop .
jordan was upset that his favorite show was being cancelled . he had already sent an email to the network . when that netted no results , he posted on forums . finally , he realized there was no hope .
when i was a boy , i went to the arcade . i walked around and looked at all the cool games . i saw one game that really caught my eye . i walked up and put my coins into it .
tommy wanted to take a trip to florida . he checked his savings , but didn't have much money . so he started working and saving as much as he could . within a month he had enough for the trip !
ed went for a foot massage . he was nervous , but his feet ached . the masseuse set him on a stool . then she rubbed his feet expertly .
greg was almost always a good kid . but one day he was tossing his baseball and wasn't paying attention . the ball soared through mr jones' window and broke it . greg ran and hid so nobody would be angry with him .
a couple of my friends took me to an arcade . in addition to playing arcade games , we played outdoor activities . this included going on floats with water guns . my friend and i tried to shoot the people on the other floats .
neil was traveling through france . he had spent a few days in calais . then he wanted to see the sights in nice . he hopped on a train and journeyed east .
rob was driving with his friends . they were driving all night just for fun . when they got to downtown the car started to sputter . it ended up stalling in the middle of an intersection .
i stayed in the library all night to study for a chemistry test . by the time the sun started to come up i was exhausted . i struggled to keep my eyes open as i walked to class . once the tests were handed out , i immediately fell asleep .
kaleb wanted to play basketball . he decided to get into shape . when basketball season arrived , he tried out for the team . he did well in the tryouts and made the team .
travis always stayed up until midnight . he never got a good night of sleep . one night he drank a glass of warm milk . travis went to bed early .
martin had a cabin in the woods . he would go to his cabin whenever he wanted to relax . martin decided one weekend to take his friends to the cabin . he and his friends got in a car and took a trip to the cabin .
amy awoke in her dark room . she had fallen asleep waiting on dinner . that was 4 hours ago . she went to see if her family had eaten .
don fell off of his bike and broke his arm . it wasn't a terrible injury but he needed emergency care . they took him to the hospital in an ambulance . they gave him pain meds and used the sirens .
jane visited old navy to purchase new jeans . she was excited by their selection . she chose 9 pair of jeans to try on . to her dismay none of the jeans fit .
it was jane's 2nd date with jack . as she waited for him to arrive her mother asked when she would return . jane avoided answering her mother's questions . she was relieved to finally see jack pull into the driveway .
alfred was sitting alone in his room when he heard a strange sound . the sound was getting louder and louder . alfred was too scared to investigate the sound . suddenly the sound stopped .
sally loved horses . she always wanted one of her own . her parents said she would get one if she did well in school . sally studied extra hard and made all as .
i was looking on craigslist and saw a free piano . the person needed to get rid of it and i called him . i got his address and showed up at his house . when i got there i saw the nice piano .
nancy wanted to take a nap . nancy decided that she would nap on her lunch break . after nancy clocked out , nancy went to her car . once comfortable , nancy fell asleep in her car .
gina was carrying a clean bedspread upstairs . she was carrying it in her arms . she had a hard time keeping it off the floor . her arms were too small to hold the whole bedspread .
fred's english assignment was to write a short story . but he was scared he would fail . he looked at several other short stories for inspiration . and he spent hours and hours writing his story .
matt saw a commercial for new shoes . and they had springy looking cushions in the sole . matt thought it would allow him to jump higher . so he begged his mom to get the shoes for him .
rita was invited to her friend john's birthday party . rita wanted to look her best for the party . she went to the department store to find a dress . she tried on several dresses of different colors .
donald was a big colts fan . he followed the team religiously . his family wanted to surprise him for his birthday . they bought him front row cots tickets .
dave was shopping for new shoes . the ones he liked were his shoe size but still felt odd . a salesman came and measured his foot to help . they found out dave's feet are wider than average .
i just bought new running shoes . they are comfortable and light . they were on sale . even though i don't run much , i still like them .
debbie wanted to be a rock star . after she graduated she moved to la to start a band . she had no money and less experience . she saved up to buy a guitar .
tiana was so hungry . she decided to buy a burger ! she went to a fast food restaurant and ordered the burger she wanted . when she received the burger , she ate it immediately .
jerry wanted a romantic evening with his girlfriend . he put rose petals by the door . he lit candles throughout the apartment . one of them caught a curtain on fire .
kathryn loved the taste of pineapple . she bought a fresh pineapple from the store . she had no idea how to cut it . kathryn watched a video on the computer that showed how to slice it .
gina's dad was near the kitchen window outside . her mother sprayed him through the window with the sink sprayer . soon they were throwing cups of water at each other in the yard . gina and her siblings joined as well .
sarah decided to participate in a karaoke contest at her local bar . she wanted to win the prize money but also wanted the accolades . the night of the contest she was nervous and got pretty drunk . luckily she was an even better singer when she was inebriated .
allison takes a walk every night after dinner to get exercise . nobody ever wants to go with her . one night , she ran into one of her neighbors . they walked for over an hour and had the best time talking !
ed's mom could only afford to feed him bologna every day . he hated feeling so poor all the time . then his class did a unit on poverty in asia and india . it really gave ed a new perspective on his situation .
georgia was carving a pumpkin . first she put it on the table , on top of some newspaper . then , she cut the top off and scraped out all of the seeds . finally , she used a large knife to carve a face in the pumpkin .
matt wanted to join the army . he submitted an application . they called him in for a physical . matt went in for his checkup .
a group of religious pilgrims took a trip to a shrine . the journey was long and arduous . on arriving , they found a gift shop there . this struck them as highly inappropriate .
the day was sunny and warm , a perfect day for a picnic . mom , james , and renee went to the park . first they went for a walk . then they had a picnic by the river .
i received a lumbar puncture today . after hugging a friend of mines , i noticed a huge pain on my back . although decided to take a nap , the pain didn't go away . when the pain was unbearable , i decided to go to the emergency room .
danny wanted to build a kite but didn't know how . he asked his grandpa to help him . danny's grandpa gave him a list of things to get at the store . after getting the items danny and his grandpa worked all afternoon .
betsy and her little brother were playing cards . her little brother insisted on shuffling . he had never done it before . every time he did it , cards went flying everywhere .
since it is christmastime , we bought our cats some new toys . later , we set up our tree . the cats loved their new toys . they must have thought the tree was another new toy .
jim worked at a sheet factory . he was the best employee there . he asked his boss for a raise . his boss said no .
joey was fourteen . he really wanted to shave . he watched his face every week in the mirror . finally he began to grow a beard .
lexi was cutting her toenails . but she didn't clean all of them up when she finished . while walking to her kitchen later , she stepped on one . and she couldn't believe how careless she was .
the astronaut sat strapped into his chair . his face was cold determination , but he was nervous . he remembered his training and focused on the mission . the rocket booster began to ignite , this was it .
the other day i decided i needed to research javascript classes . sitting down at the computer i began my search on google . it was not long at all before i had results in front of me to help . the chosen result led me to an info page for online classes .
scott loves rock climbing . he competes against himself . he sets personal goals and tries to beat them . last week he set a personal best .
allen wanted to chop down the tree in his front yard . he used an axe but it was not quite sharp enough . he found his chainsaw but it ran out of gas . he kicked the tree with his foot , yelling and screaming .
james wanted to look cool . he decided to get a mohawk . he shaved his head himself . his mom said he looked dumb .
kelly was excited to watch food network star . she absolutely loved that show . every time she watched it she felt inspired . she felt like she wanted to join one day .
amy woke up feeling lousy from a cold . she decided to go to school in spite of the illness . her classmates all remarked that she looked horrible . amy could barely drag herself from class to class .
todd was an aspiring artist looking for a new studio . he scoured the internet but came up empty . then he called a realtor who found him one . she took him there .
daniel likes to write for fun . he writes every night after work . he submitted his story to a publisher . the publisher loved it and offered daniel a job .
jake was in substantial financial debt . he decided to hire a financial adviser for help . the financial adviser gave jake a budget plan to stick by . jake followed through on the plan by cutting his expenses .
ron planted a tree in his backyard to shade his house . but it took years and years to grow . when ron was old , the tree was tall and beautiful . and he was proud of himself for taking care of it throughout the year's
my dog was walking stiffly in the cold . so , we took him to the vet . upon examination , the vet diagnosed him with arthritis . now my dog takes medication .
joy loves to grow roses . she waters her roses every day . one day joy saw a red rose opening . she was so happy .
linda always wanted to learn to ice skate . she asked her mom to sign her up for lesson . she fell over and over again . she kept practicing every day .
ethan was moving into an apartment downtown . he really didn't consider the changes he'd make going from a house . so it really hit hard when he set up his drum set . within ten minutes he had five noise complaints .
a man turned away from his dinner to answer the telephone . when he turned back , his dinner was gone . he looked around , and saw his dog quietly sneaking out of the room . the dog chanced a glance back at the man .
meghan liked to eat subs at her desk at work . on tuesday , she purchased a very juicy sub . she munched on it very loudly . in the middle of eating , she spilled the sauce on her shirt .
there was a boy in gina's 6th grade class named dave . it was the first week of school , but gina knew she didn't like him . he would sit as his desk and giggle goofily . the sound of his goofy giggle made gina's skin crawl .
aya wanted to paint a picture . she bought canvas and paints . then she sat down by a window for inspiration . she began to paint an image of the landscape .
tyler wanted a new computer . however , none of the computers available to buy fit his desires . so , he decided to build one himself . he ordered all the parts and got to work .
alex needed to go to work . she looked at the bus schedule . she saw that there was a bus in five minutes . she walked to the bus stop .
tim didn't like school very much . his teacher told him he had a test on friday . if he didn't pass this test , he could not go on the class trip . tim decided to play with his kites instead of study for the test .
i used to drink soda all day . i started to get utis . utis are painful . i had to find a way to make them stop .
my girlfriend is easily scared . i love watching horror movies . i convinced her to watch one with me . she yelled at one scene and spilled her soda everywhere .
when stanley was driving , there was a car on the adjacent lane . when both cars made a turn , his car remained on the right lane . however , the other car ended up colliding with him . the cars were hit from the front part .
drake loved chipotle . after the e coli outbreak he stopped eating there . however he craved their delicious chicken . drake found a copycat recipe and gave it a try .
becca started taking painting classes . she became adept at portraiture quickly . she had a natural talent for painting people's faces . she painted every member of her family .
amy decided to make curtains for her living room . she sewed for hours to complete the job . when she was finished she hung the curtains . the seams were off , and the hem was lopsided .
rachel loved to play on her piano . one day she was paid to play at a romantic event . she lit candles and put them on her piano . the candles started to burn low .
lisa was at the beach . and she saw someone flying a kite . it looked like a lot of fun . so lisa bought a kite of her own .
nell saw a girl with a cast on her arm at the park . nell's mom watched as her daughter made a new friend . later , nell brought the girl over to show her mom something . nell had smeared dandelions on the cast to paint it yellow .
larry had a big crush on his teacher . he knew it was pointless but constantly found himself staring . one day she caught him . he was really embarrassed .
when i woke up in the morning , i went downstairs . i smelled the smoke coming from the turkey . i also smelled ham , macaroni and cheese and lasagna . my mom finished cooked everyone and asked me to sit down .
barry preferred classical music to modern music . his husband preferred rock music . the two could not agree on what to play during dinner . they decided to flip a coin .
joe woke up one day and looked in the mirror . he noticed he had really put on some extra weight . joe sighed , and forced himself to step on the scale . he noticed he had gained nearly 40 pounds the past year .
i was walking around at a mall . there was a young lady walking in front of me . all the sudden , she fainted to the floor . i knelt beside her , and stayed with her until she came to .
ted wished for a drum set for christmas . he wrote a letter to santa to ask for the drums he wanted . ted behaved really well to ensure he'd get his wish . christmas eve came and he was worried santa may not come .
yesterday there was record snowfall . four feet of snow came on the ground . kelly hoped for a snow day . thankfully the school was canceled .
john wanted to be on the track team for his high school . he wanted to run the dashes but wasn't a fast starter . he could run for hours at a steady pace but just not very fast . his coach recommended that he runs the mile instead of sprints .
jo couldn't take his ratty apartment anymore . he looked at housing ads and went on several apartment tours . jo finally found one he liked and could afford . jo packed up his stuff and moved into his new apartment .
i called carly to ask her on a date . i got her voicemail . i texted her that we should talk soon . she texted me back , asking why we should talk soon .
jason loved his old shoes . he was wearing them when the sole fell off . he tried to glue them back on . what a mess he made .
cindy was reading a story about a dog . but she never liked dogs . as she kept reading , however , she became attached to the dog . in the end of the story , the dog died .
greg hated taking the trash out . he decided not to do it . the trashcan was overflowing in just a few days . finally , his father put the trash on his bed .
ann woke up in the middle of the night . she was thirsty and wanted a drink of water . she tiptoed into the kitchen and got a drink . but then she accidentally dropped the glass , which shattered !
jane was going to a halloween party . she decided to go as a witch . she drove to work in the rain . she she stepped out of the car , she was splashed by another car .
eileen was the new kid in school . she did not have many friends because she was shy . one day at lunch , a girl invited her to sit at her table . eileen decided that she would .
i went to the store hoping to buy some chips . but i couldn't decide what i wanted there were so many to choose from ! do i get potato chips , doritos , fritos , maybe pretzels ? finally , i knew what i wanted .
aya wanted to be a chef . she decided to test her skills . she cooked her family a huge dinner . then she asked them if they had enjoyed it .
nick was at a baseball game during the evening . he stepped up to the plate so that he could bat . the pitcher threw a fastball at him . nick saw the ball and hit it for a home run .
johnny is excited to have a big party this weekend in his backyard . he decides to grill food for his guests in case they are hungry . johnny grills chicken thighs that he has brushed with oil . his guests are very happy with the grilled chicken .
kaylie and martin had finally set their wedding date . kaylie was eagerly awaiting the big day . the day of the wedding , martin was nowhere to be found . kaylie , her family and friends were devastated .
mom got dressed up and dad met her at the door . they went out for a date tonight . the fancy restaurant was perfect . their meal was delicious .
lucy went to the local sports parade . at the parade there were several different groups selling snacks . feeling hungry , lucy purchased a candy apple for $3 . clumsily , lucy ended up dropping her candy apple .
ella wanted to be a comedian . one night her local comedy club had an amateur night . ella decided to try it out . she went onstage and told her jokes .
archibald notices that his skin is red and inflamed . he goes to his doctor and learns that he has a rash . he applies ointment every day to soothe the rash . eventually the rash begins to go away .
kelly really wanted a tattoo . she begged her parents but they said no . as a result , she went and got one anyway . when she got home , her parents found out .
sarah is a ballet teacher . she teaches a class of small children . she wanted to teach the children to dance for a pageant . it was a lot of work , but all the children were happy to do it .
blake loved to go hiking . he would always take his favorite boots when he went hiking . one day , blake went on a really rough hike . he stepped through jagged rocks and rugged terrain .
terry's daughter was in extreme pain in her mouth . after an evaluation , terry realized that her daughter was teething . once terry realized she was teething , terry administered medication . after the medication , terry placed teething gel on the baby's teeth .
christian wanted to eat something quick before school . he went into the kitchen and poured some cereal . when he was pouring the milk , he spilled it all over the table . christian got mad because he had to clean all of it up .
i was really sick last week . work didn't want to give me any days off . i got home one day and noticed my girlfriend was there . she made me soup and brought me medicine .
kevin had recently fallen ill and was hospitalized . he stayed a few weeks in the hospital before he got better . when he got home he received a bill for $100 , 000 . kevin did not have any health insurance .
anna was undergoing chemotherapy . her hair thinned and then fell out . her mom bought her a bright bandana . anna loved it and wore it everywhere .
lane wanted a puppy . he didn't know where to find one . he asked his friend to help him . they both went to a shelter and lane found a dog .
ray had so much halloween candy ! he didn't know what to do with it all . then he had a great idea . he donated the candy to a local shelter .
last week a group of friends decided to go on a hike . they went to a mountain nearby . they followed a popular trail and set out for the day . the walk was exhausting but worth it .
morgan and timothy were having an argument . morgan thought that all of the beatles' music was good . timothy thought their early stuff was not very good . morgan made her case by simply playing a few songs .
my dad tried to buy a car yesterday . he went to the local dealership . he had some ideas in mind . but the dealer kept pushing other options .
a mariachi band decided to take a road trip . only the vihuela player had a car . it couldn't fit everyone's instruments . crestfallen , the band went to a movie instead .
the lady's at gina's grandma's church cooked for them . after the funeral they had the food all set up . gina had the best fried chicken of her life that day . she also discovered sweet hawaiian bread .
carly is a huge disney fan . she plans to take her children on a surprise trip to disney world . she tells her children that she is taking them to see their uncle . unenthusiastic , the children follow their mother to the car .
lily and pam were popular girls in school . they invited joy to a diner after school . joy was not popular and lily and pam knew it . they invited her just to bully her when they got there !
my old job kept asking too much of me . every wednesday there was a ton of new work . i could never catch up and each week got worse . eventually i got too far behind and had to quit .
gina's cd player was broken . but she had a tape deck . the tape deck was more work than the cd player . if she wanted to hear a song again she had to rewind the tape .
frank was practicing bike tricks in his driveway one day . penny and bo were walking down the sidewalk , near frank's house . frank tried a really hard trick to impress them . he caught his foot in the spokes and flipped over the handlebars .
roy got up early and went to the box office . he stood in line for hours to get to the front . he put down a stack of money and asked how many tickets he can get . the cashier gave him 15 tickets .
derrek wanted to buy a piano . he started working odd jobs to earn money . derrek kept the extra money he earned in a special bank account . he worked for months to earn enough money .
mary ate pudding every day . she ate it for breakfast , lunch , and dinner . one day she ran out of pudding . she then decided to become a chef .
i decided to join a poker tournament . it was a $100 buy in . i played very smart . i was on the last table , head to head .
zeke was about to go on a date with his girlfriend . but , his parents suddenly pulled into his driveway . they wanted to surprise him by coming to meet him for the weekend . at first , zeke was sad because he wanted to see his girlfriend .
roger broke both of his legs . he hated being stuck in a wheelchair . he saw a couple guys outside physical therapy in wheelchairs . they told him all about wheelchair races .
my friends and i were at the park . we had a basketball but were looking for a court . at the end of the park , we found a court . we took out our balls and played for an hour .
today is andy's birthday . andy wants a chocolate cake for his birthday party . but , andy's mom forgot to pick up eggs from the grocery store . andy has to eat salad instead of chocolate cake .
howard is a senior . he feels a lot of bittersweet thoughts . he holds a senior party with all of his friends . they all enjoyed it and drank a lot .
chevy rounded up his friends , and was ready to seek revenge . the group went to the house of his enemy , and went looking for him . they beat up many of the man's friends , but the man himself got away . chevy was injured during the process , but vowed to eventually get him .
bill called a customer service line to complain about his bank . he was put on hold for 30 minutes . during this time bill got madder and madder . suddenly the phone clicked and bill's call was dropped .
stephanie realized that some money was gone from her drawer . when she brought it up to her manager they investigated . it turned out that one of her coworkers was stealing money . she thought it was a waste because they were tipped so well .
jenna needed clothes for school . she took her allowance money and met up with friends at the mall . they walked inside and looked for shops they liked . jenna and her friends walked through the mall for hours .
doug was famished after a hard day's work . he didn't feel like cooking so he decided to dine out . doug wanted to end the day with a fulfilling meal . he spotted a sign to an all-you-can-eat buffet .
rick was running an obstacle course . the first obstacle was a series of hurdles . rick fell on the first hurdle . rick ended the race in last place .
the dogs romped in the deep snow . the snow was so deep that the smaller dog disappeared in a drift . the bigger dog looked confused and began to dig . the smaller dog ran out from behind the drift .
gina's teacher was upset with her . she had hit a boy who snapped her bra strap . gina explained that he started the fight . but her teacher didn't care .
it was gracie's big day . she was turning 16 ! her family threw her a huge party . she ate lots of cake and snuck her parents' wine .
noah was working as a waiter . one day he saw that a customer had left his wallet on the chair . noah decided not to steal the wallet . instead , he called the customer to come and get it .
stuart had three days off work . he wanted to go hunting during that time . stuart invited his friends to a hunting trip . they all went deer hunting for two days .
jeff wanted to beat his mile run record of 6 minutes . so he practiced running every day . he ate more fruits and vegetables . and he felt much better .
my friend andrea and i went to the movies last week . we got big buckets of popcorn and saw magic mike . the movie was hysterical . people in the theater were laughing and having a great time .
evan was starting high school . he was very nervous . he feared no one would talk to him . but then he found that all the students were very kind to him .
my friend and i couldn't remember the name of an actor . we kept coming up with the wrong name . eventually we both came up with different answers . we bet on who was right .
anna and aidan were playing cards one night . then aidan suggested they play board games . anna thought it'd be boring . she agreed anyway , and she was glad she did .
abigail's cat jumped out of her arms and ran down the road . the skittish cat saw a dog and ran up a tree . the cat was stuck and could not get down . abigail called the fire department , and they came right away .
tim took an arts and crafts class . he was awful at it . he couldn't make paper hats , necklaces , or bracelets . he decided to keep trying .
ophelia had always known it was important to save money . she decided one day to open up a savings account at her bank . she took some money from her checking account to open up the account . her banker congratulated her on taking the first step toward saving .
amanda dropped her phone in the water . she picked the phone up . she tried to turn the phone on . the phone did not work .
ed was playing baseball in his yard . he swung the bat and hit the ball . then he flinched . the ball had shattered the neighbor's window !
in had been ten years since ted was in high school . he was bullied every day by joel , the all star jock . ted's life is better now , he really has everything he could want . as he was sitting down for lunch he saw a guy wiping tables .
gina was at her uncle's house out of state . her parents were in the living room playing music . in the kitchen there was a beer can on the counter . she thought about taking a sip .
margaret had a favorite teddy bear . one day , her dog tore it apart . margaret was heartbroken . her mother got to work sewing the bear back up .
i promised my wife i would learn to water ski . we went with her family out to the lake . when it was my turn to ski , i was too afraid . i made up a story about my legs hurting .
my wife always packs more than she needs . she carries a lot of heavy luggage . i usually have to help her as well . it's hard to carry .
sam was walking home . it began to get dark . sam got scared . he didn't know what to do .
gina's grandma had made up beds for everyone . gina's siblings slept with their grandma . there was no room for gina in that bed . her parents slept together in her mother twin bed .
last saturday i decided to volunteer at the nursing home . to my surprise it was very fun . i played some checkers with the folks and read to them . the residents seemed to enjoy my company greatly .
mary and sally decided to go on a vacation together . after looking at a travel website , then decided on a cruise . they went on a cruise to the bahamas in april . both girls had a wonderful time on the cruise .
jackson is a painter . he often paints portraits for family members . one day a friend approaches him and asks him to paint his mother . jackson happily obliges .
jerry and stacey had been dating for a few months . he knew he loved her but was shy about saying it . he finally mustered up enough courage and told her . she told him she loved him as well .
i went to a renaissance fair with my friends . at the fair , there was a petting zoo ! we went inside to see the animals . i got to pet so many wonderful animals .
jamie was excited to try a new haircut . it turned out worse than expected . he had no way of getting it fixed . he wore a hat for the next week .
gina had severe indigestion . she knew this was all her fault . she had eaten way more than she could hold . now it was coming back up .
gina told her mother she lost her key . it was an accident , but that didn't matter . it was irresponsible of her to lose the house key . her dad gave her his key , and he would have a new one made .
felicia enrolls at the local university to study accounting . she encounters many challenges , including difficult tests and work . after working very hard on her courses , felicia earns her degree . she packs up her things to move to her first job in new york city .
avery needed to get to work . she wanted to take the bus or a cab . she found she had no money , credit cards or tokens . she realized that she had no options but to walk .
nate was going to buy a new car . he went to a dealership last week . nate spent hours there , haggling with several different salespeople . eventually , he just gave up .
my wife was pregnant with my son . one day she said it was time to have the baby . i took her to the doctor where they got her ready . she was in labor for several hours with my son .
tammy went for lunch at a cafe . there , she bought french fries and a soda . she ate them both happily . she paid a reasonable price for her meal .
joe and his neighbor supported different candidates . they put up yard signs to show their support . it became a bitter war , with new signs added daily . after the election , the neighbors met outside .
john fell asleep at his desk during class . when he awoke , he was all alone ! he ran out into the hall in a panic . his class was waiting for him there .
patty was excited about having her friends over . she had been working hard preparing the food . she also had the place looking spotless . all of her friends arrived and were seated at the table .
erica had a coupon for a dozen doughnuts . erica decided to take them to work . erica's coworkers were surprised that she brought doughnuts . the co workers thanked erica for her kindness .
maya was afraid that she was too old to have a family . she dreamed of meeting the perfect man and having kids . finally she joined a dating service to try to meet the right man . she met a great guy who eventually asked her to marry him .
angelina wants to make an apple pie . she has the apples but they need to be peeled . she starts peeling . finally they are all peeled .
ana was walking home from school one afternoon . she was texting on her phone as she walked . not paying attention , and walked right into a telephone pole ! she split her lip open quite badly .
amy was moving to her new apartment . she took weeks to pack up her things in her apartment . when moving day came her brother said he could no longer help her move . amy called a moving company to move her things .
casey owned a private beach . people always wanted to come lay in the sun there . casey had a marvelous idea to charge people to enter . he made thousands from tourists willing to pay for access !
eric hired a clown to entertain guests for his son's birthday party . the clown arrived 20 minutes late to the party . the clown's stunts were really mundane . the guests were not entertained whatsoever .
kelsey was due to get a new phone . she did a lot of research and selected the perfect one for her . she went to the store and bought it . unfortunately , she immediately dropped the phone .
sally went to the blueberry patch with her basket . sally walked through the rows of blueberry bushes . she picked blueberries until her basket was full . she ate some of the fresh berries as she picked .
we went on tower of terror while at disney . my wife decided to go on even though she hates rides . she was so nervous the whole time in line . once we got on the ride the panic started .
neil took a chartered drive up to broome , australia . he used it as a launching point for the outback . he hired a guide to take him on an outback tour . its emptiness and glory silenced him .
we moved to cambridge in 2013 . our cat came to the new place first . she was unfamiliar with the new home . she hid in the kitchen cabinet for hours as we moved .
pat liked to spend time online . he downloaded many files without being careful . one day , his computer stopped working . pat brought it to a computer technician , who told him he had a virus .
bill used to always love going to cape cod . he loved being by the ocean . but he also loved all the fresh fish . he would always go to same restaurant .
alice was pregnant . she went to the doctor's . they scanned her stomach with the ultrasound . then they told her the sex of her baby .
i was on a cruise . we went to haiti . i did not wear enough sunscreen . i got a horrible sunburn .
pat was playing a pick up soccer game . the other boys were playing rougher than he was used to . one boy slide tackled pat as he was going in for a goal . pat landed on his wrist and felt a snap .
the awards ceremony began . the manager announced the awards for all of his employees . everyone believed that jane would receive the most outstanding award . however , the manager gave the award to hannah .
joe was at home enjoying an adult beverage . suddenly a loud crashing sound came from the back yard . joe rushed out to discover a tree had fallen . he put away the drink .
it was christmas morning . amy was opening her gifts hurriedly , looking for the special one . then she saw the last box in the corner . she quickly ripped off the wrapping paper .
ana's family was all visiting her house for christmas . suddenly a snow storm rose up and the weather grew bad . two feet of snow fell ! ana's family was all snowed in at her house .
i had a really good air conditioner . i never cleaned the filter . one day , it stopped working . i got really hot .
lily was at the nearby mall with friends when she saw nick jonas . she was immediately shocked and couldn't believe it . nick smiled at her and gave her an autograph . lily was elated .
my son has always been very bright . however , he is not very good at doing his homework . last trimester , he almost failed three of his classes . he had to work very hard to get his grades back up by term's end .
i got bullied in school because of my teeth . i cried home to my mom , and she called the dentist . i soon got braces , and kept them for 4 year's . after i removed them , everyone told me i was beautiful .
alice was a dog trainer . she never came across a dog she couldn't help . one day , a man brought a dog named henry to alice . henry was very withdrawn due to a bad first owner .
yasmine was all alone with a migraine . she did not know what to do or how to make the pain go away . she remembered what her mother used to do for her during migraines . she went to the sink and prepared a warm towel .
pam loves music . she especially likes to collect vinyl records . she has over 100 records . pam is now going to the record store .
ronald noticed that his kitchen sink was draining very slowly . he couldn't afford to hire a plumber , so he decided to fix it himself . ronald bought two bottles of drain cleaner at the store . pouring the drain cleaner into his sink fixed the problem .
may was training to run a mile in under five minutes . she had trained for months and was pushing her body's limits . she began ignoring her soreness and kept running for days . one day , she felt so sore she couldn't move but kept running .
it was my first day at work and i was so nervous . i started sweating as i entered the office . my supervisor noticed that i was tensed and asked me for lunch . we went on a team lunch and i made friends there .
mary had exited the airplane and headed toward the luggage carousel . she knew it would take a little time before she spotted her suitcase . she waited patiently while others picked their luggage off the rack . after no sign of her suitcase she asked a worker .
mia had taken a long time at the store picking out the perfect gift . she finally approached the register . to her dismay , she found she was five dollars short in cash ! after putting the item back , she started walking out of the store .
george was really nervous mary would turn him down . still , he decided to ask her if he can take her to dinner . mary said yes , with a large smile on her face . they got along great , and had a wonderful dinner together .
leah wanted her driver's license . she studied her road test manual . then she went to take the test . she concentrated and focused very hard .
frank tried out for the wrestling team at school . he did not make the team though . the coaches said that he needed to put on some more muscle . frank spent the next year in the weight room working hard .
a friend picked me up from the bus station . we rode in his car for a while to his home . when we were nearing it i asked if i could smoke . he said that i could not but people don't listen anyway .
jim was teaching his son to ride a bike . at first he taught the boy with training wheels . then he removed the wheels . jim was so happy he almost cried to see his son peddling .
tina really wanted the exclusive birkin bag . no store in the country had it in stock . hence she was forced to go and fly to paris to get it . thankfully she found one in paris for a good price .
ken needed extra money so he got a part time job . his job was washing dishes at a local wendy's . one day his friend called and invited him to a party . the party was at the same time as his work shift .
i wanted to hang out with my friend today . she was acting a little suspicious . however , i assumed that she was normal . eventually she said goodbye to me in a rude manner .
an elderly female customer asked where infrared heaters were located . she was disappointed that all of our infrared heaters were electrical . she wanted it keep her warm after terrorists destroy the power grid . she thought this meant isis was coming to burn down the power poles .
nina practiced her bowling every week . her league had a contest coming up . when the contest day came , she was prepared . she bowled all strikes and spares .
larry decided to write his girlfriend a love letter . he wanted to let her know how much she meant to him . he started out writing about how they met . in addition , he talked about her character and her positive qualities .
hank began to clean out his closet . he made a pile of wire hangers that he didn't need . hank thought that he should recycle all the extra wires . he took them to the junkyard and sold them for scrap .
dave decided one day he wanted to go see a hockey game . he ordered a few tickets . he then invited some of his friends . they all went to the game , and had a good time
it was suzys first day of summer camp . she was afraid to be away from home for the first time . thankfully she made some good friends . at the end of the summer she did not want to leave .
anna went to an animal rights protest . she told people about animal rights issues . she asked for donations . a lot of people listened to her and donated money .
tina wanted to play a prank on her sister . tina set her sister's alarm clock 3 hours ahead . the next morning her sister got up 3 hours early . when she realized what had happened she was very mad .
i had saw a bunny on craigslist . i called to go an pick her up . we arrived at the house . i saw my new bunny for the first time .
i'm all set for valentine's day . i bought flowers early . i made sure to get fresh chocolates today . i made reservations at a nice restaurant months ago .
mark has spent years without a girlfriend . he tried meeting someone to date without any success . finally a friend introduces him to carol , and they arrange a date . mark and carol have a nice night out at a restaurant .
walter wanted to travel . he decided to plan a trip . after researching , he picked a destination . a week before his trip a hurricane struck .
timothy had an urge to eat sweets . he was looking everywhere for something sweet to eat . he found what he was looking for . it was a gigantic cupcake his mom made .
mick went fishing by himself one morning . he sat in his boat thinking calm thoughts . he got no tugs on his line . in fact , he caught nothing at all all day !
mark's parents had an announcement . they were going to have a baby . mark was mad and went to his room . when the baby cam , mark went up to him .
every summer my son's grandma plants a beautiful garden . often times , she will ask for my son's help to pick out flowers . they take a full morning to drive to the store and peruse the choices . in the end , he picks out pretty purple and pink flowers just for her .
rex notices that he has trouble seeing objects that are far away . he decides to have his eyes tested . the eye doctor tells rex that he needs to start wearing glasses . rex finds that he loves his new look with glasses .
john wanted to be a movie star ! he bought a wig and sunglasses . his mother recorded him acting in his costume ! he was very entertaining !
john was afraid to go to school on monday . he had not completed his science project . john lied to his parents that he was sick . his parents knew that john was lying .
tim had a dentist appointment today . he was going to get his wisdom teeth pulled . his dentist numbed his gums . his wisdom teeth popped out instantly .
ashley was packing all her belongings . she was moving far away to a new city . she was really upset about leaving her friends . however she got on the train with her suitcases anyways .
the chief received the food from the waiter . he prepared his utensils . after taking the first bite , he immediately threw up . the waiter was fired and kicked out of the restaurant .
jamaal had an intense craving for a lobster dinner . he checked his wallet and realized he didn't have money for that . jamal decided he would just try and steal a lobster from the market . he ran straight to the seafood section and put his hands in the tank .
two countries were competing for resources and global recognition . the two countries disagreed on some fundamental issues . one country declared war on the other and invaded . the two countries fought for many year's .
ava spent her last dollar on a bottle of coke . she twisted off the top and drank deeply . then she checked the prize code under cap . her eyes widened with surprise .
bill was not the most confident driver . it was time for him to take his road test for his license . he had a little trouble backing out of the parking space . after that it went great .
bob had very long legs , and sally was having a hard time keeping up . she was too proud to say anything , but she'd fallen far behind . bob stopped in mid-sentence when he realized he was talking to air . he looked back and realized what had happened .
it was the last day to study before my math exam . i studied all day , without focusing on anything else . on the day of the exam , i did well . however , at home , i found a letter .
i loved to play music and need a new sound . i heard a synthesizer and new i needed to buy one . i looked online for a place to buy synths . i went to a local music store .
a man knocked on the front door . he didn't say anything when i answered . he just kept staring . the dog ran out the door .
my boyfriend and i were on vacationing on the beach . we went to a beach that was inhabited by wild dogs . one dog , named rubia , watched our things while we swam . we were so happy , we brought her meat the next day .
i had to attend an orientation at my university . the speaker announced that a raffle will take place today . everyone had to put their student id number on a paper . every paper went inside the raffle , where it was shaken .
the 7th grader wore high heels to school . she looked like a colt trying to walk . she ended up falling . she had to go to the nurse .
it was tyrone's big football game . he was the quarterback for the team . their team got off to an early lead . they were trailing with a minute left on the clock .
leah went to germany on a trip . at her first meal she ordered a coke . she was surprised to find it served at room temperature . she was so used to ice cold soda .
tom the missionary visited the smith's home . tom attempted to convert the family to a new religion . the family was trying to get rid of him before the storm . they politely declined the missionary's efforts .
emily was a little girl when her father passed away . her mother raised her all on her own . when emily was 19 year's old her mother went on a trip . on the way to her vacation , her mom was in a plane crash .
we have two cats at my house . one morning , we could not find the youngest cat anywhere . we called her name and looked all over . suddenly , she appeared from the heating vent .
jane wrote an advice column for the local paper . one day she received a curious letter . it was about whether a man's girlfriend would accept his proposal . the details of their relationship were strangely familiar to jane .
my car overdrive light started flashing yesterday . i was worried . i drove the car to a mechanic to get it checked out . he said that the transmission was the issue .
sally is a writer . she signed up to write a story . there was a very specific set of instructions included . unfortunately , she did not read the directions .
joe went on vacation . he went to an island that had a large volcano . joe's friends dared him to climb into the volcano . joe decided it was something he needed to do .
martha loved to watch nature from her porch . she decided to buy a bird feeder . she put bird food into the feeder . she put it up on a tree in her backyard .
jane hated how her frugal dad made them save tinsel from the tree . she let her kids throw away handfuls of the silvery stuff . then , jane noticed her kids weren't grateful for their presents . she thought they didn't care how hard she worked to buy them .
his first time at the opera . he only went after his girlfriend begged . he sat for three hours in sheer boredom . finally it was over .
jays habit of buying expensive beer was catching up to him . he was spending more money on beer than food . he needed to find another source of income to support this habit . a friend recommended he try out amazon mturk .
when i turned eighteen , i registered to vote . i was so excited to participate in the democratic process . i did research on each and every candidate . when voting day came , i went to the polling station .
ron only had one air conditioner . and it didn't cool off his entire house . he invested in a powerful fan . and it help blow cool air to his room .
sam bought a new suv . it was all wheel drive . he figured he would take it off road . he hit a few hard bumps and broke his suspension .
robert wants to propose to his girlfriend jennifer . his only issue is that the ring she wants is out of his price range . robert decided to have a garage sale one day to see what he can sell . he ended up getting rid of stuff he didn't want and made lots of money
john and bill signed up to participate in a scavenger hunt . the scavenger hunt was at their school . they went from classroom to classroom to search for clues . john and bill found all the clues .
ida was delivering her baby daughter . she still hadn't thought of a name ! then a nurse suggested " irene " . ida considered it and decided it was a lovely name .
ava had a lot of old clothes . she never wore them , but she didn't want to throw them away . her mom suggested that ava donate them . ava took them to the thrift store and donated them there .
i found a stray cat yesterday . i gave it some milk . it came back again today . i was going to give it some milk but didn't .
harry has been stuck at the office working very late tonight . he is hungry but there aren't many stores open . finally he remembers that the local fried chicken restaurant is open . he eats two delicious pieces of fried chicken .
jimmy's dog had gone missing . jimmy put up missing posters everywhere around town . a few weeks later , jimmy received a call on the phone . someone had found his dog !
lauren was nervous about giving a speech for her french final exam . she arrived to class . it was her turn to give her speech . she finished her speech and felt relieved .
max was determined to reach his goal of making extra money . he asked his family , friend , and co-workers for extra work . he did not mind working harder to reach his goal . he finally found a job on mturk .
phillip was the shortest kid in his class . he felt embarrassed sometimes about his height . during the summer , he hit a growth spurt . phillip ended up growing 6 inches .
janice wanted to go to a seafood place . she made arrangements to go with some friends . when they all went , janice ordered the lobster . after she ate the lobster she got very ill .
shannon went to sunbathe by the pool . she realized she forgot her sunscreen but stayed anyway . she tried to go in the water to help prevent sunburn . she got burned anyway though and went home after a while .
jill bought a pickaxe and went down to the mine . john saw her on her way . he told her that women can't work in the mine . so she swung her pickaxe right through his skull .
jim really wanted a new smart watch . he started saving his money because the watch was very expensive . one day he walked into work and there was a present on his desk . his boss had bought him a smart watch because of his excellent work .
the defendant proclaimed his innocence as he was arrested . his attorney fought a hard battle , appealing to the jury . the crucial moment was the dna evidence linking him . the defendant was sentenced to 30 years in prison .
joe woke up to a lot of loud noises outside . it sounded very bad , very windy . he turned on the news and saw that there was a tornado warning ! the warning said to take cover immediately !
vanessa hired a babysitter that liked to snoop . she snooped in makeup drawers . she snooped in jewelry boxes . she snooped in medicine cabinets .
james planted an apple tree in his yard . it grew to about 5 feet in a few year's . unfortunately , james had to move away . year's later he came back to visit his old hometown .
amy liked her neighbor brian , and hoped he would ask her out . she waited patiently , but he never mentioned a date . finally one day brian called and asked amy to go to dinner . amy was so happy , and they had a great time .
sandy was taking a trip to mexico . sandy successfully caught the first flight of her trip . however , sandy missed the second flight for her trip . there were no more flights for the day , so sandy was stuck .
mary went to the market on sunday for fruit . she bought bananas but couldn't find any peaches . she decided that she would wait on the peaches until next time . when she went again there were still no peaches .
the landlord banged on his' door and demanded rent . gus told the landlord that he didn't have the money . the landlord stormed into the apartment and grabbed gus's valuables . the landlord took them to his truck and locked it up .
lily went to a nice shop she loved in the city . she loved shopping there but it was very expensive . thankfully she saw a coat on sale . the coat was sixty percent off .
william was feeling down after receiving some bad news . william's wife tried to raise his spirits , but was unsuccessful . william's friend asked him to help move a sofa for a wounded veteran . the move turned into a 6 hour visit that raised william's spirits .
stella had a basketball game tonight . she wanted to skip the game , or sit on the bench . she wasn't really feeling well . but her coach insisted she play .
there was nothing pollyanna liked better than nuts . pollyanna was a very clever cockatoo . when she saw a dish of nuts in the living room , she wanted them . after her owner left , she pried open her cage door with her beak .
a group of friends went to go bowling . they had a really good time . the friends decided to formalize themselves into a team . they brainstormed for a good name .
i loved to eat honey with my oatmeal . one day i unexpectedly ran out of honey . i did not want to eat my oatmeal without honey so i went to the store . alas , they had run out of their honey stock .
samantha called me for an interview over the phone . i answered most of her questions with ease . afterwards , we said our parting remarks . i exhaled heavily when i hung up the phone .
john is afraid to commit to yohanna . she asked to be married by the fall . john insisted that their finances weren't right . later that month yohanna decided to plan a wedding herself .
susan had just moved to california . one morning she woke up to a loud deep rumbling . she felt the earth move underneath her . she had never experienced something like this before .
gina and her siblings were in the house looking out the window . in the yard her dad and his friends were fighting . the fight was violent and scary . gina shooed the kids away from the windows .
today's lab assignment turned out to be a disaster . since my teammates were confused , i had to guide them . this includes showing them how to do every procedure . although we finished after everyone else , i put in a lot of effort .
albert wanted to try out for the basketball team at school . he waited on the bench for his turn to play . he played his best as the coach watched and took notes . when he finished the coach told him he made the team .
nick turned 18 on sunday . his girlfriend zoe came to his birthday party . zoe bought him a lottery card for his birthday . he anxiously scratched off the numbers .
john was at work and began running fever . his back started to hurt . his boss sent him to urgent care . the doctor did a flu test .
marie's husband is in the army . he is away for a tour overseas . marie walked into her home . her husband was waiting on the couch .
the morning of the wedding found diana very nervous . her bridesmaids helped with her hair and make-up . her mother helped her put her dress on . diana and her maids drove off in a limo .
jane broke elwood's binoculars . jane was apologetic . jane knew the binoculars were too expensive for her to replace . elwood forgave her .
terry's car broke down . he wasn't able to afford a rental . he decided to take the bus . to his surprise it was a pleasant experience .
sue got married last saturday . she almost didn't make it to the wedding . she got stuck in traffic . luckily a kind policeman saw what was happening .
fred & fran were a happy couple . it was valentine's day , and fran was excited . fred had already planned a special night out . after work , the couple got dressed for their date .
every day a cat would be chased through the street by a dog . one day , i noticed the cat did not run across the street . i went outside to look for the cat and enjoy the sun . i eventually saw the cat walking with the dog .
bob was bored in his cubicle . he had been working so hard this past month . he decided to treat himself with something special . he ordered tickets for a weekend snowboarding trip .
maria smelled the fresh autumn air and decided to celebrate . she wanted to make candy apples . she picked up the ingredients at a local market and headed home . she cooked the candy and prepared the apples .
dan and three friends wanted to start an exterminator business . they got a small loan and bought some cheap office space . they had to make a lot of their own equipment . they became very specialized , and so kept a regular clientele .
i love my job more than anything in the world . i work from home as a freelance artist . i work in my sweatpants and get to draw and paint . people pay a lot of money for my art and i am high in demand .
i wanted to play sports when i was younger . i tried several different sports . i tried baseball , hockey , and soccer . i quit most of them .
kathy's dad was rushed to the er . he was having major pain around his heart . the doctors ran several tests . he was admitted immediately .
sam wanted to cook a burger . his cast iron skillet was rusted from being left out . sam scrubbed his skillet with some steel wool . afterwards , he seasoned the skillet in the oven .
cara loved tamales . she and her grandmother made tamales every year at christmas . unfortunately , her grandmother passed away one day . when christmas came , cara made the tamales anyway .
i started the grill to cook hamburgers . i took the patties out and laid them on the grill . the patties sizzled as the grill got hotter . finally i took the patties off and put them on a bun .
ben was falling asleep at his desk . he still had two more hours before the end of his shift . he thought about leaving work early . he couldn't afford to lose the extra hours .
inky wanted to look taller . she'd never worn heels before . she decided to try them and see how they fit . she found a comfortable , attractive pair .
james notices that he has become increasingly depressed . he feels alone , and does not know who to talk to . finally his mother recommends that he began seeing a therapist . james begins regularly seeing a therapist and starts to feel better .
penny is from a tropical climate . she has never seen snow . for vacation , she decided to go skiing . penny saw snow for the first time .
paul always does his laundry . he sorts everything by color . he also sorts his socks and underwear . somehow he always loses socks .
kelsi needed her textbook for chemistry . she ordered it online . she waited everyday for it to come but it never came . finally she got the book a week later .
my sister in law dropped off some baked chicken . the dish looked very appealing . my wife heated the dish up . we ate the chicken but found it to be very bland .
last week was the big election . a lot of people got together for election parties . my friends and i were no exception . our favorite candidate lost by a lot .
jenny is a six year-old girl who reads lots . jenny's favorite book is astrid lindgren's pippi longstocking . jenny wanted to be pippi for halloween . she couldn't get her pigtails to stick straight out like pippi's
ana was at a town festival . she was nervous because the president was coming ! when she saw his car approach , she almost fainted . but then he got out and smiled at her .
peg worked hard canning jam from her garden's fruit . when she finished , peg admired her rows of jam jars . she decided they looked too pretty to eat . much later , peg finally opened one jar of the jam .
michael would get headaches anytime he would read a book . he enjoyed reading but the pain made it difficult . someone suggested he get his eyes checked . he was told he needed glass to read by the optometrist .
james was in social studies class minding his own business . the teacher looked at everyone and said we are having a pop quiz . james panicked because he hasn't studied . james couldn't answer any of the questions on the quiz .
francis had always wanted to become a history teacher . he studied history very diligently in college . finally he applied for a job teaching history at a middle school . he worked hard to be the best teacher he could be .
daddy is took me fishing today . we woke up early and went out to the boat . the sun was just rising over the horizon . we sat on the water for hours talking and fishing .
mary made joe some dinner . she told him to wait for it too cool down before he tasted it . of course joe didn't wait . he stuck the spoon in the bowl then to his lips .
little lola lost her library book from her school's library . she wasn't allowed to take out another until she returned it . lila and her mother fruitlessly searched the house from top to bottom . her mother finally ordered a new copy to replace what they had lost .
i was raised in a small town . i always wanted to live in a city . now i live in new york city . the city is dirty and the property costs are staggering .
i had to go to the grocery store yesterday . there was almost no food left in the house . i bought several things . now we have plenty of food .
abe really enjoyed numbers and statistics . he was curious how many guns the population of stanford owned . he sent out a survey . abe spent weeks tallying the results .
i wanted to learn more about submarines . i bought some books about submarines in wwii . the books didn't have much technical detail . i went to a museum with a submarine dissected in it .
tara argued with her bosses all the time . she always had differences of opinion with them . one day she was fired for insubordination . tara eventually found a new job .
george found a mistake on his cable bill . he called the cable company's customer service number . george was put on hold for a while . finally , a man answered the phone who could help george .
every morning , a bird woke fred up for work at 6 am . fred began to like the bird . and he enjoyed the sound of its singing . one day , the bird no longer sang .
eli young loved elvis presley . he would sing and dance like him in the mirror . when he turned eighteen he moved to las vegas . he decided to work the strip as an impersonator .
jackson was going on a trip . he was going camping in utah . he drove out to a campground and set up a tent . he spent the trip relaxing and enjoying the outdoors .
icy had never roller skated in her life . she bought a pair of skates and tied them on nervously . she practiced skating outside , very slowly . she picked up speed as she gained confidence .
gina wanted to read her book as they drove on the highway . but the backseat was too dark . she tried to use her phone as a light . but that just drained the battery , and gave her wrist a cramp .
joe and his friends were throwing rock at windows . the windows were part of an abandoned building . the police caught joe and his friends . joe felt sorry for his poor judgement .
laura told cindy she would bake her a cake for her birthday . laura decided to make a chocolate cake . she found a recipe online . she worked all day baking the cake .
baby martin was 7 months when he tried a banana . he was a very curious baby . he loved to eat carrots and sweet peas . one day his dad decides to give him a banana
amanda was on a hike with her husband . suddenly , she felt a sharp pain in her ankle . she realized that a hornet had stung her . her foot hurt too badly to walk .
in 2010 we visited our daughter in new york . she was a grad student at cuny . she and her husband asked where we wanted to go . i picked the frick house , as we visited there on our honeymoon .
wendy was thinking of a number between one and ten . her mother guessed three , which was correct . her father guessed seven . her little brother sam guessed ten .
todd collected and raised lovebirds . he had 12 in all . his apartment stank from the animals . todd didn't mind the smell .
greg was at a party . he saw a girl he thought was very attractive . he approached her and tried to flirt . then her boyfriend showed up and was mad at him .
i ran an online bookstore for four year's . i sold books that had been discarded by my local library . i started buying books to sell . i had an inventory of 3 , 000 books .
dany was a six year old boy who loved to play football . one day danny was crying because he was lonely . dany's father was home early from work that day . dany asked his dad to play football with him .
amy decided to eat dinner and watch the tv . her mother never let her do this . but her mother was asleep tonight . amy just had to make sure to clean up her mess before going to bed .
jo's mother was in prison . jo went with her grandmother to see her mother at the facility . they sat at a table , ate snacks , and talked . jo asked her mother when she was coming home .
my son played in a basketball team in elementary school . he tried hard but was not a gifted player . the team played everybody and he had fun . one day he made a basket .
when al let his cat out last week there was a squirrel running by . the cat immediately ran after it . it chased it up a tree . finally it actually caught it and killed it .
we visited our daughter and son in law in nyc in 2013 . they took us to the brooklyn museum . i am disabled so they wheeled me through the exhibits . we looked at an exhibit of john singer sargent paintings
blanche wanted to lose weight . she ate less and exercised more . after a month she began to feel better . she started to notice a difference in the mirror as well .
flossie is a pioneer . her job is to churn the butter . one day , flossie forgot to churn the butter . the town was sad .
tina wanted to go for a hike so she put her baby in a baby carrier . they were walking up the trail in the park near their house . suddenly , in front of them , she spotted a long black snake ! after screaming , she ran home to tell her husband .
casey was competing in a school talent show . she was incredibly nervous . all she could think about was all eyes on her . thankfully when she hit the stage her nerves cooled .
carol has been looking for a hobby to keep herself busy . she decides to begin collecting baskets . she collects small baskets at first . finally she buys a very big basket , which she is proud of .
everyday , john saw a homeless man at the corner near his school . it made john very sad to see someone in such great need . he decided to make a gift for the man with basic necessities . he looked for the man the next day and gave him the gift .
neil was visiting asia . he flew into laos and saw the sights . then he took a river cruise up the mekong river . it was wild and beautiful .
sally needed to file some papers . before that she needed to make copies , though . she knew this meant walking down to the basement . once she was down there she made copies .
rufus met a beautiful russian girl who he wanted to date . he decided to learn to speak russian in order to impress her . rufus studied very hard to learn to speak russian . finally when he was fluent in russian , he asked her out .
daniel walked through a park to his girlfriend's house . on the way , he noticed a patch of beautiful wildflowers . daniel carefully picked several of the flowers . he gave them to his girlfriend when he arrived at her house .
jamie loves to read books and has thousands of them . her house is becoming too crowded with books but she wants them all . her son bought her a tablet and showed her how to use it . she has put all of her books onto the one tablet .
may wanted to run a salon . she decided to strive for her dream . she signed up for beauty school . she studied hard and finished in six months !
i went to the beach with several of my friends . we planned to have a picnic . we set all our food out and were ready to eat . suddenly , someone ran by and kicked sand everywhere .
max and may were at a tavern . they saw the dartboard and challenged each other to a game . max played very well . but may thru even better than him .
louisa is trying to think of the perfect gift for her grandson . she decides to knit him a pair of mittens . louisa buys a bright red spool of yarn for the mittens . her grandson is very happy when he sees his new mittens .
devin had always loved playing video games with his best friend . they had been playing video games together for more than ten years . yet each time they came together to play it felt like the first time . when his best friend brought over a new game it would be the same .
betsy went into a candy store . she bought all the candy she could for ten dollars . she was so excited she ran out the door with a bag full of candy . she tripped on a shoelace .
cousin sam had fun at tim's house . they played ball everyday . however , sam had to leave with his parents . tim was sad .
ted and wanda were excited about taking a trip . they were only able to go for the day so they had to leave early . they packed up the car and headed out for the beach . they spent all day having a great time on the beach .
caleb loved to play baseball . caleb was an outfielder on his team . one day someone hit a ball far out near caleb ! caleb ran out to catch it but it hit him right in the nose !
ali wanted to start a book club , but she was very shy . she finally decided to try it with a few friends . everyone had a great time . they decided to invite more people .
the boy wanted to join the tennis team . tryouts for the team were beginning soon . the boy never played tennis before . he went to the park and practiced every week till the day of tryouts .
the dog jumped over the fence today . he ran for a long time and got lost . his family could not find him for many hours . his family was finally able to find him and bring him home .
rachel wanted to take her husband out to dinner . she had the perfect place in mind , her favorite chinese restaurant . they arrived at the place but saw that it had closed . on a paper on the door , she saw that they had moved out of town .
gina's family was at her grandparents house . she decided to eat all her favorite country foods while there . her grandma offered to make fried green tomatoes . gina's whole family was excited about the tomatoes .
i'd ordered two flash drives . i walked down to the mailbox in the deep snow . i was frustrated to find only one package . i was more frustrated to find both my items should have been in it .
beth's daughter was coming to town and bringing her kids . beth was excited to see her grandchildren . when her daughter arrived she played and baked cookies with the kids . the kids stayed 2 weeks before returning home .
bryce knew that a call from the girl was wishful thinking . he gave her his number last week but still no call . after the 12th day of giving her the number she called . they talked for hours and enjoyed each other's conversation .
caroline heard frantic scratching on her door during a rainy storm . caroline opened the door , and saw a lost kitten . caroline brought the kitten inside and took care of him . caroline decided to keep the kitten .
i bought my ticket . i waited for wednesday night . the lady was calling the numbers . all of my numbers matched .
trina and her friends decided to go to a famous art studio . the girls went and took numerous pictures . trina bought a few art pieces . when she got home she hung them up .
josh loved rachel very much . rachel reciprocated that love . but they were from two different social backgrounds . they tried and tried to make their love work .
the weatherman predicted that we would get 6 inches of snow overnight . i went to bed right when it started snowing . when i woke up , the snow was everywhere . we could not even open the front door .
the family decided to go to the park for veteran's day . we had a barbecue outside . in addition , everyone decided to take a swim in the water . before we left , we had a huge cake .
jerome dribbled the ball quickly . sam tried to grab it from him , but wasn't fast enough . he chased jerome down the court . jerome pushed sam backwards and threw the ball .
lucy got a new diary for her birthday . unlike her old one , it had a lock on it to keep her brother james out . but one day she found the lock was broken . james had gotten into her diary again !
i love surprising people . jake wanted a new guitar for a long time but couldn't afford it . one year i got a large christmas bonus . i told him that i got him a movie for a gift .
my mom always tells me to wake up and enjoy the sunrise . she tells me i miss out on all of life's beauty staying in . so i woke up extra early and sat on my balcony with some coffee . the sun rose shortly after 6 in the morning .
dan realizes that he has gained weight over the last few year's . he decides to begin exercising and eating better to become less fat . it is a grueling process , and at times dan wants to give up . however , he remains dedicated until the extra weight is gone .
dan and tim were going to have a picnic . tom made sandwiches for the picnic . tim brought lemonade for the picnic . as the boys were leaving it started to rain .
jeff loved going snowboarding . for his birthday last weekend he went on a camping trip . they stayed at a lodge near the slopes . everyone loved snowboarding with him .
anthony was a gang member but didn't want to die over a color . one afternoon he was caught in an alley by a rival gang member . the rival gang member put a gun to anthony's head . anthony prayed to god for protection .
jane closed her eyes and counted to twenty . kate ran to hide in the cupboard . jane already knew kate's favorite hiding places . she took her time before approaching the cupboard .
i was going to attend a concert today . i bought the tickets last week . i worked out my two-hour driving route earlier . i just heard that the concert had to be canceled .
mick wanted a cool jean jacket like his friends had . he wanted to be stylish like them , but he was broke . then he went to a secondhand store and saw a great jean jacket . it was only six dollars !
gina had tons of missed texts . she hadn't checked her phone for 2 days . she checked half of the messages , and decided to come back later . when she checked again there were texts from her friends .
coy needed new sneakers . she went to the store and examined their selection . she settled on a lovely blue pair . and the price was just right , too !
neil had arrived in finland ! he had traveled by boat and rail . he couldn't wait to start seeing the sights ! but first there was something important he had to do .
michelle really wanted a new computer , but didn't have enough money . she worked really hard to try to make enough . she worked hours and hours , but bills kept showing up . she finally decided that maybe she didn't need a new one .
a few year's ago i went to see a broadway show . my friends and i went to see billy elliot . the show was amazing . i loved the music so much i bought the soundtrack .
vianna went to church on a saturday . she sat in the pew and listened to the sermon . the sermon was very interesting and she had questions . she decided to ask the speaker about some questions she had .
sue was nervous about taking the driver's test . but she had been practicing a lot so she felt confident in her skills . she arrived at the dmv and the driving instructor greeted her . the test was going well , until sue's car started to overheat .
jake was at the grocery store . he was trying to pick melons . someone noticed he was confused . she went over and tried to explain which were best .
adam was rushing a fraternity . they dared him to pick a coconut from a palm tree . he went out at night and scaled a palm . then he cut down a large coconut and returned with it .
it was dan's turn to present his research project . he stood up in front of the class and started talking . one of the classmate's phone rang in class . she immediately turned it off .
we were supposed to celebrate valentine's day . but then my niece came down with a bad cold . so we stayed in and played games . we rotated between heads up and monopoly .
heather loved to paint pictures and wanted to be an artist . she took lots of lessons and practiced very hard . heather finally sold a painting and eventually became a famous artist . her hard work paid off .
ida had assembled a really cute outfit . she was just missing a belt ! she looked through all her belts , but none was quite right . then she decided to check her dad's closet .
tyler bought a boomerang and went to an open field . he tried to toss it but it never came back . tyler adjusted his form and threw it very hard . the boomerang began to return but still failed .
they had heard about potty training bunnies . it seemed like a good idea to try that . after a while they decided to leave her out of her cage . it seemed to go very well !
i used to be fat . at 18 year's old i was 280 pounds . i knew my life would suck forever if i didn't change that . i worked my ass off for three years with intense diet and exercise .
lonnie loaned his sister a lot of money . she promised to pay him back when she got her check . she received her check but did not tell lonnie . she spent her whole check without paying him anything .
jack needed a new couch . he went to a local furniture store . he chose a lovely light beige couch . the first day home he spilled red wine on the arm of the couch .
yesterday i was putting up the christmas tree . i picked up the prettiest ornaments . as i picked one up , it dropped . the glass shattered .
jasmine wanted to try to ice skate . the local park had an ice rink set up . her mom took her into the rink . jasmine fell several times .
my netflix keeps buffering last night . even if i paused it nothing would happen . it would just play for a second and buffer . eventually i reset the router .
it was a cold day . so sarah decided to make a mocha . when she finished making it , she was eager to drink it . and she ended up burning her mouth .
i worked two shifts one night . on the way home i could barely see the road . i barely missed hitting an oncoming car . it swerved at the last minute .
gina's mom was upset with her . gina had been sulking in her room all day . she decided to offer a truce . she washed the dishes as an act of goodwill .
chief is a great surgeon . he takes his time and rarely goes home . every day , the stress takes its toll and he drinks too much . chief decides to get healthy and stop drinking .
gina's knew pencils were gone . and she knew a boy named dave had taken them . she decided she would confront him to get them back . she marched to his desk and begin yelling .
matt wanted to travel with his motorhome . he went out to start it one day to see how it ran . it started right up ! he loaded it up with food and gas .
kathie does not like babies . one day , she became pregnant . she was concerned she might not like her baby . when the baby was born , she fell in love with the baby .
rudy really wanted a dog . he begged his parents for one . they said if he cared for it , he could have one . rudy agreed to walk and feed it every day .
we live on the banks of a small pond . in 1999 the state drained the pond . the state said the pond sediment had to be removed . we took photos of thousands of dead fish .
bob was working at his job as a security guard at a mall . unexpectedly , he fell asleep . while he was sleeping , some thieves came in and stole some items . bob woke up and was shocked to find out what happened .
john was a truck driver who had just started his job . he pulled over one night to fill up his truck's gas tank . but he filled the tank with regular fuel , not diesel ! john caused serious engine trouble for the truck .
eva hid easter eggs in her house for her children to find . they found all but one egg . when they could not find the last , they assumed they had miscounted . a week later , eva smelled something strange behind the bookcase .
down in mountains lived a large family . the dad had a red truck . one day it snowed . they needed food so the dad got in the truck .
christie had to complete an art project for school . she decided to complete a self portrait . she bought lots of watercolor paints . she worked for many days on her painting .
ellen's family went to the mountains to cut down a fresh tree . they searched and searched before finding the perfect christmas tree . just as her dad was about to make the first cut , they noticed a nest . there was a family of squirrels living in the tree .
rachel found out that she had cancer . she was very scared . rachel told her family and it was very difficult . they all cried .
joe woke up on a cold morning . he tried to find a good pair of pants to wear . all of his pants were too dirty to wear . he had to put on shorts and go about his day .
alice sent a message to bob . chuck intercepted alice's message . chuck used the message to game the stock market . chuck made a fortune , but alice and bob were bankrupted .
a family of four went to the local beach for a day . the family found a few toy shovels that had been left behind . they decided to building a small sand castle together . before long the small sand castle ended up being a large sand castle .
jake had recently gotten a new cell phone . the very first thing he tried to do was take a selfie . he dropped his phone on the pavement while trying to do so . his phone was scuffed up on the back side .
lauren was an unusual girl . unlike many girls who feared bugs , lauren loved them . she was fascinated by their structure and movements . lauren's friends made fun of her for her strange interest .
julie was sitting in the front of a speedboat . the driver wanted to go over a huge wave . they flew over the wave , going really high in the air . when they crashed back down , julie hit her face on the boat .
lulu and jill had been friends for years . however this summer they had a disagreement . the fight ruined their friendship . lulu was not sure they could be friends again .
one day i was walking on the sidewalk . i saw an old dog on the driveway nearby . he looked at me and barked . i tried to run away because i was startled .
tom went whale watching today . he had never been on such a big boat before . once the boat got out into the ocean tom was excited . a huge whale came up to the side of the boat .
bev was cleaning out her childhood bedroom . her parents were moving after 25 years in the same house . she came across her diary from 7th grade . she smiled as she read the thoughts of her younger self .
jane spent many hours packing for her flight . she went to bed late . hours later her alarm went off three times . she did not wake up .
drew was drawing a picture when he heard meowing at the door . he opened the door to find a wet , dirty kitten standing at the door . drew decided to draw flyers to post around town about the kitten . three days later , a man named larry called about his lost kitten .
florence loves the way that her friends look in summer dresses . she decides that she wants to have one too . she visits her local mall and finds a beautiful dress with flowers . florence tries it on and it fits perfectly .
i went camping with my church group as a child . i was excited to be there . one day , i got really sick . i didn't get better , so they called my mother .
key wanted to play softball . she challenged a few friends to a game . they happily accepted . key focused hard and did her best .
gayle lived by a pond where a lot of geese lived . sometimes she would go to visit the geese , but they scared her . one day , she brought some pieces of bread to feed them . the geese came up to her to eat the bread .
quentin had never gone hunting before . this last weekend his friends invited him with them . they were going to camp out and hunt for a few days . he agreed to go .
kate was interested in taking karate . kate searched the yellow pages for a qualified school . kate found a school that peaked her interest . in visiting the school , kate was excited to join .
little richie was tired of being picked on . he wanted it to change for the better . little richie starts taking karate to defend himself . he showed off his new skills in friend of his bully .
brad was camping in the mountains with his friends . they roasted marshmallows all night . when they woke up in the morning there was a bobcat in the camp ! brad was scared to come out of his tent .
the lambert family was hungry and needed to pick up dinner . they saw a commercial for steak and shake on television . the commercial said they have four dollar meals . the lamberts went to the restaurant and ate hamburgers .
amy's mom was beyond angry . she wanted to know why amy and her friends were out at 12 am . amy decided to tell the truth . her mother was furious .
tim's arch enemy on the playground made a sudden appearance . this was during the 3rd period break , a time normally tim was alone . tim mustered up his courage to go face his arch enemy . he approached jane and told her to stay away from him .
gray wanted to be a weightlifter . he practiced at the gym after school . he lifted heavier and heavier weights . soon he was confident in his abilities .
i have never been to the airport . i had to take a trip to california to see my family . unfortunately i didn't know what to do with my belongings . the airport staff had to explain everything to me .
tony loved maria . they had been dating for a year . he decided to propose to her . he got her a great ring and popped the question .
jay was starting his first shift as a dog walker . he was afraid . he feared the dogs would be mean to him ! but then he found that they were all very friendly .
gina went to her room to begin working on her report . she found the subject boring . she kept daydreaming . she hadn't realized how long her mind had been wandering .
i took my car in for an oil change . i informed them that i would be waiting in the lobby . after an hour , i checked to see if it was done yet . i was told that they didn't even have it started yet .
i've always loved penguins . i wanted to take a trip to the zoo to see the penguins . i saved money for a few weeks to get tickets and gas money together . i went to the zoo with my brother .
amy saw a lovely black dress when she was shopping . she loved the dress , but it was too expensive . just then a cashier walked by and told amy the dress was on sale . amy decided to buy the dress .
a police officer pulled a woman over for speeding . she protested that she had not been speeding . the officer wrote the ticket anyway . she went to traffic court to argue the ticket .
eric was overly excited for lunch today . the cafeteria was serving his absolute favorite meal . he loved the school's pizza and french fries . he sprinted to the lunch line but it was too late .
kelly was taking her daughter to get her first shot . her daughter got scared and started crying . kelly tried to soothe her . the shot was painful .
carla has always wanted to visit fiji . she saved up for four years to be able to afford the trip . when she finally had enough money she purchased her ticket . upon arriving in fiji she knew she had made the right choice !
tea was chewing some bubble gum on the couch . she accidentally fell asleep . when she woke up , she found the gum had fallen into her hair . she had to get it cut out .
susan had very little money left in her food fund for the month . she went to the dollar store to see what she could find . she bought a few kinds of canned foods and a sparkling water . at home , she mixed the canned food into a pot and cooked it .
eliza was excited to buy her first pair of true religion jeans . the jeans cost 300 dollars and eliza was excited to finally get them . all the girls at school had them and eliza wanted to just fit in . she walked into the store and found the perfect pair .
mike and his buddies wanted something to do . they looked around and realized they had several guns and goggles . they decided to go outside and play airsoft . they set up in a forest and played all afternoon .
ned wants a hobby that will get him outside . he decides to plant a vegetable garden in his yard . ned plants tomato , eggplant , and pepper in his garden . he is surprised by how much work it takes .
jean helped a customer with a big layaway . the next day , the customer paid some money to take out an item . the customer kept coming back to do the same all week . when she stopped coming , jean checked her layaway .
i got a new laptop last month . for a long time it was great . i was able to do a lot with it . unfortunately it broke yesterday .
for rachel's birthday , her husband took her out to the river . they set up a blanket on the beach and enjoyed a picnic . after they ate , they went for a swim . when they got bored of that , they went and bought some ice cream .
gina had purchased a cd single of a song she liked . there were only 2 songs printed on the cd . she was anxious to hear the second song . this was a new artist so she hadn't heard much from him .
i woke up one morning for work feeling ill . i put on my clothes and left my house in a struggle . when i got to work , i barely made it into the building . my boss saw that i was visibly ill and told me to go home .
tiff wanted to lose body fat . she needed some motivation to be successful . tiff joined a dietbet for thirty five dollars . she was successful at her goal .
briana was riding a four wheeler with her brother . they were going fast down a dirt road . suddenly , they hit a rock . the four-wheeler flipped .
amy's class went on a field trip to see a mid summer night's dream . they arrived at the theater and found their seats . amy was in awe of the actors discipline and talent . after the play she was able to speak with the cast .
a radio dj announced a prize to the 100th caller . the dj was lying about the prize . he just enjoyed talking to people on the phone . he told each caller that they were the 99th caller .
steve was always told to never fight with other kids . it was bad to get into a fight , or so his mother always told him . however at school there were some bullies that wouldn't leave . so one day he got into a fight with one of them .
bernie started to get tired of telemarketing calls . the phone had already rung six times in the past few hours . the phone just then rang again . bernie picked up the phone to hear some snickering .
sue wanted a pet . she told her mom she wanted a dolphin . her mom told her that wouldn't be possible . so her mom got her a new goldfish the next day .
chase and his girlfriend got into a fight . they went to bed mad . in the morning they sat and talked . finally they made up and hugged .
kim sobbed and made gasping , hurt sounds . her beloved cat was a crimson spot of fur and entrails . his blood was running down the driveway into the gutter . her dad sternly told her to stop her caterwauling .
jill wanted to knit her boyfriend a sweater . she taught herself how to knit and bought supplies . she finished the sweater just in time for her boyfriend's birthday . jill was excited as she presented her boyfriend with her creation .
elaine was preparing an easter basket for her niece . elaine learned that her niece love peppa pig . elaine went to the store and purchased several peppa pig items . after purchasing the items , elaine assembled the easter basket .
megan owned an apple orchard . she needed to have some of her apple trees pruned . she called her neighbor mark to see if she could borrow his saw . mark said he would drop it off in the morning on his way to school .
today i wrote a lot of stories . i sat down and thought about each one . then , i typed it carefully into the boxes . finally , i submitted the stories .
i got a cell phone case yesterday from the same place i got my phone . i dropped my phone two days later when i was walking down the street . both the new case and my phone broke ! i went back to the store to tell them the case doesn't work well .
it was time for carson to run a mile . he put on his running shoes . he started running along the sidewalk by his house . after running a half mile carson was very tired .
ed went to the supermarket with a stack of coupons . he loaded a cart with a lot of food . when he went to check out he took out his coupons . the coupons reduced the bill by a lot of money .
ivan broke his foot . he had to use a wheelchair for a few months . finally his doctor told him he could walk again . ivan stood up and took a few shaky steps .
janet was attending her last year at a university . she wanted to maintain her high gpa . janet's professor told her that upcoming exams could impact her gpa . janet began studying for an additional two hours each day .
troy started watching as many nature documentaries as he could . ` . he had watched a great show on bactrian camels . that set him off on the nature doc kick . he started to bore his friends with too many nature facts .
there was once a little kitten that did not have a home . the poor kitten walked around cold and hungry . one day , a nice lady let the kitten into her home . the woman gave the kitten food and a bed .
jane was selling chocolate bars for high school band . she carried the chocolate in her backpack , but forgot to sell them . she often ate a bar after school , or during lunch . she realized the money for the bars were due , and she had eaten them !
i looked in the cabinet for pie flavor . we didn't have any pie flavor . i went to the store but they were out of pie flavor . i made my pie without flavor anyway .
yesterday was kelly's first concert . she was nervous to get on stage . as soon as she got on the audience applauded . kelly was then happy .
one day , my wife's sister came over to the house to show us her puppy . she told us that she had just gotten the puppy across the street . my sons begged me to get them one . i told them that if they would care for it , they could have it .
me and my girlfriend went to buffalo , new york . we then got to experience niagara falls . we walked around a lot then went on a boat . i took a lot of photographs .
bob decided to go camping . he forgot the mosquito spray . consequently , many mosquitos bit bob . bob was infected with malaria .
bob needed money . he decided to look for a part time job . he applied to five different places . one of them gave bob an interview .
my left computer speaker went out . i jiggled the wires on the speaker and computer . i shook the speaker violently . i slammed the speaker onto the desk a few times .
keith wanted a puppy for his birthday . he dropped hints to his parents . but they did not seem to notice ! keith was not hopeful as he unwrapped his gifts .
my niece just got engaged . she is chinese and her fiance is caucasian . her parents had them over for a home cooked meal . the fiance got nausea from the unfamiliar dishes and had to leave .
timmy felt that he was too shy . he couldn't talk to people he hadn't met before without difficulty . he joined a community service club to socialize . he met some great , nice people that became good friends of his .
it had been snowing all night . the kids woke up early and asked their mom if school was cancelled . mom said that school was closed today and that it was a snow day . the kids rushed to get their coats and winter gear on .
linda went on vacation and visited a beach . she collected a bunch of sea shells . linda brought the shells home and made them into necklaces . she posted pictures and her friends loved them .
jimmy wanted a pet cat . he went to the animal shelter to acquire a pet cat . when jimmy saw a black dog he was instantly smitten . the black dog jumped up and licked jimmy's face .
i called the dmv yesterday to get a reinstated driver's license . they told me i would need to come in and fill out a form . after i left the house , i headed down to the dmv . i filled the form our promptly .
tara wanted to buy a new shirt for her upcoming school formal . she went to the mall with her mom . they browsed shirts from a variety of stores . tara picked out a floral patterned shirt that she liked best .
sigmund could not help but read too deep into everything . his friend told him about one of his dreams concerning a bird . sigmund told his friend that he must feel trapped and desire escape . his friend found this unpleasant , and distanced himself from sigmund .
sarah was notorious for overpacking . this year she decided to only take one piece of luggage . she picked the biggest one she had . she selected items carefully .
anthony was nervous for the big rugby match . his team was playing their rivals in the league . as the game began , the rival team quickly took the lead . anthony and his team worked extra hard to fight back .
laurie came home from the store one day and saw the door open . she was suspicious and called the police . when they arrived , they found a woman inside , stealing jewelry . she was arrested and they found many other stolen items with her .
sarah and dan were looking for a new apartment . their friend heard about this process . he wanted to live with them in the new city . he got a job in the same city .
jenny had a big crush on leroy . they were at the school dance . she mustered up her courage to ask him for a dance . he told her no and laughed with his friends .
james was very low on money and needed food . so he decided to count his pennies and see what he came up with . he came up with three dollars and eight cents . but then he remembered he had a visa gift card from his birthday !
susie drives a long way to work everyday . she noticed a dark spot where she parks in the driveway . since she was concerned , she took her car to a mechanic . the mechanic told her that she had an oil leak .
victor had always thought that he needed a rice cooker to make rice . one day his friend tells him that rice can be made in any pan . at first he doesn't believe this , but one day he tries making it . victor's rice comes out perfectly cooked !
bob bought a new fridge . he moved all the stuff from the old fridge into the new one . unfortunately , bob forgot to turn the fridge on . all the food was spoiled overnight .
amy watched all the shows she wanted on hulu . she wasn't using it anymore so she cancelled her subscription . a week after cancelling one of her favorite shows was added to hulu . she decided to restart her membership .
gina was at her grandpa's funeral . she didn't want to see the body . but her mother insisted they all view it . gina tried , but was unable to talk her way out of it .
bod and sally have been married for over 50 years . there anniversary is coming up soon . their daughter decided to throw them a party . the celebration theme was memory lane .
i was more nervous for the first day of college than of kindergarten . i cried the night before and was shaking that morning . my first class was spanish and the professor was very enthusiastic . i left with a smile on my face and feeling confident .
genny put the final touches on her float . paper roses and flowing tassels made it look cheery and bright . she proudly pulled into her spot in the parade . it suddenly started to rain .
at the amusement park amy and beth wanted to ride the pirate ship . they were brave in line , but were scared as the boarded the ride . amy and beth as next to each other and held hands . when the ride began beth screamed and bit amy's arm .
a car was driving across this abandoned road . a deer ended up moving out of the vines . since the driver was scared by the deer , he didn't hesitate to stop . the deer died from injury .
sue got a white bunny for easter . she named him fred . about two weeks after she got him , sue got a big surprise . there were five baby bunnies in the hutch with fred .
haley went to target one morning . she saw a new mom with a baby . the baby's car seat was balanced on the shopping cart . haley watched the car seat wobble .
tom's favorite team was playing in the playoff games . he ran home to turn on the television just in time . he watched the game and cheered when his team made a touchdown . his team won the game .
my kids had head lice a while back . all four of them got it . we had to clean the entire house . we treated their hair twice to make sure it was gone .
i was feeling really crappy one day . i felt sick like i was about to faint . i went to the hospital , and stayed overnight . i was so antsy , because they had no answers for me .
norm was having a very bad day yesterday . he was sitting at home when he heard a knock at the door . there was a package waiting on his doorstep . norm opened the package to find a gift from his mother .
jan wanted to cook breakfast but she didn't know how . sue helped her . they made toast , eggs , hashbrowns , and bacon . it looked delicious .
rose wanted to go to the award ceremony . she didn't have anything appropriate to wear to such an occasion . she called a friend and asked if she could borrow her nicest dress . the friend invited her over and rose looked through her wardrobe .
seven men went to the river . joe was the youngest , full of pride . he jumped in the water , even though he knew that he couldn't swim well . the tide was too strong for him .
i decided after being a fan for along time to begin a fan club . i asked all of my friends to join and sent emails out . it wasn't long before i had people interested ! we scheduled a day to meet and discuss the beginnings .
it was kathy's first day on the job . this was her very first job and she was excited . she made sure to look her best and have her best foot forward . when kathy arrived she was greeted with open arms .
jenny felt something wiggling around in her mouth . it was her first loose tooth . she didn't tell anyone because she knew they'd try to pull it out . after about a week , she proudly showed her mom the tooth in her hand .
ora had to get a false tooth and she was sad . she thought it would be ugly and she would be mocked . then she saw the tooth the dentist had put in . it looked exactly like her other teeth !
brady came across a yard sale by one of his neighbor's house . they were giving away some personal belongings that are old . he found this set of clothes that he was interested in . the neighbor told him that it was $30 dollars for all three shirts .
kim was going to the mall with her aunt to see santa . they arrived at the mall and could see the line from the parking lot . they waited in line for two hours . when it was kim's turn she was afraid of santa .
terry was a popular , good looking classmate of mine . he was loved by all the girls . one day , i heard that he was shot and killed . he was the first person i knew who had been murdered .
a strange structure appeared on the outside of connie's house one day . after some inspection , connie realized it was a wasp nest . she called an exterminator to come get them . the exterminator came and got rid of the wasps quickly .
jennifer was bored one saturday . she decided to alleviate her boredom with a hike . she drove to a national park to go hiking . jennifer hiked for hours .
faye was completely broke and the bills were piling up . she had a recurring medical problem and the treatment was not cheap . in desperation , she considered stealing from a friend of hers . before going through with it , she applied for government aid .
trina was trying to lose weight . because of this , she would have a salad every day for lunch . however , she was really starting to get sick of them . so one day , she went and got fast food .
jan took her parents to the rodeo when they visited . she was thrilled to find room to sit in the front row . jan's mom opened her mouth in awe as the horses galloped by . just then , the horses' feet threw up a spray of dirt and dung .
the man was walking his puppy without a leash . the puppy usually followed him . one day the man was crossing an intersection with a lot of cars . the puppy ran ahead .
yesterday i made a massive mistake . i decided to defrost a hot pepper in the microwave . to my dismay the pepper caught on fire . i was horrified .
janel was driving to the office when she heard a loud bang . suddenly the car began to vibrate very heavily . janel put on her hazard lights and pulled over . upon inspection , she found she had a flat tire .
jake loved to travel . he was planning a hiking trip to montana . he bought lots of camping gear to prepare for the trip . jake learned he couldn't go on the trip due to a business meeting .
kaylee owned a ferret who always ran free around the house . one day she could not find her ferret . she put flyers all over the neighborhood . there was a knock at the door three days later .
amy was moving out of town . the best part was quitting her horrible job . she walked into her boss's office with her head high . she firmly told him she was quitting .
amy was swimming in the ocean on her vacation . suddenly she felt a horrible sting . looking down , she saw a jellyfish swimming away . amy crawled onto the beach in agony .
shay was meeting with a woman who wanted to hire a nanny . they met in a starbucks and ordered some drinks . with their drinks , they sat down and got to know each other . finally , the woman offered shay the position .
my friend is easily offended . i say things that are offensive . the other day we were hanging out . i said something offensive and he got upset .
doreen loved orange flavored ice cream . one day when she was playing doreen fell . she broke her leg and was crying a lot . doreen's mom wanted to make her feel better .
tim's girlfriend loves romantic gestures . time is very bad at them . last week he took her out to dinner and bought her flowers . it was nice and sweet .
eric was walking around a pond at a local park . he saw a turtle on a rock a few feet from the shore . he stepped into the water to try to catch the turtle . suddenly , he sank knee deep into the mud and got stuck .
i went to the store to buy some paper . the clerk looked at me weird when i brought it up . he run it up anyways . as i left the store , i realized why he looked at me weird .
ted tried out for the baseball team at school . he did not make the team though . his coach told him he needed to be able to it the ball better . teddy spent the next year practicing his baseball swing .
last christmas my family decided to decorate . it was the first time we ever did . we bought a lot of different items . everyone helped put things up .
javier thought that motorcycles seemed very cool . his parents warned him that motorcycles were very dangerous . still , he bought a motorcycle and began taking lessons . now he drives his motorcycle to work every day .
kate went on her very first date with rich . they went to a steakhouse , but kate was a vegetarian . rich spent the whole night talking about himself . at the end of the date , he asked kate to pay for her dinner .
year's ago i wondered what was my life's purpose . i volunteered my for services for many social organizations . i learned i like helping people bring about change . i discovered i wanted to help resolve many of the world's problems .
the smith's house was in sad shape . they had been saving for a renovation and today was the day . all the old and dreary looking parts of the house were redone . the builders did an amazing job .
every year the smiths go on a camping trip . this year they decided to go to colorado to camp . the family took the trailer and the goods to go . the kids were excited .
i was tired of working at walmart . the hours were bad . the store music was awful . i handed my two weeks in to the manager .
my dad was babysitting me while my mom was out of town . i decided to go play with kids at the playground . the kids immediately threw dirt in my hair and my eyes . i ran home and my dad washed me and my hair .
brad was excited for his first amateur mixed martial arts fight . he invited all of his friends and family to watch him compete . the night of the fight brad was confident as he marched into the ring . the first round didn't goal well though , and brad's face was busted up
tommy had always dreamed of having a dog . he begged his parents to get one . finally on tommy's birthday , his parents gave him a dog ! tommy named his dog spot .
six year old joe came home with ripped pants . he also gave his parents a note saying he had misbehaved . joe's father yelled at him . joe's mother gave him a hug and asked for an explanation .
marco feels very tired this afternoon at work . he decides he needs to make a pot of coffee . he brews a very strong pot of coffee and has a first cup . finally he feels a little bit less tired .
last christmas was so special , because my new niece was born . the whole family was brought together to see her . i bought tiny , new baby clothes for her . her birth brought the family closer than it's ever been .
my brother had a lot of candy after halloween . however , he didn't like candy . so , he decided to give his candy away . he gave his candy to his neighbors , who had a lot of children .
ted had a laptop that he used to work . one day while working , the laptop crashed . ted tried everything he could , but the laptop wouldn't turn on . ted finally borrowed a friend's computer to go online and buy another .
gina walked home as the sun was setting . it was 8 pm and it was still blazing hot outside . gina had no where to go but home . in the house the fans in the windows did nothing the kill the heat .
it was a rivalry hockey game . the blues were playing the blackhawks . the blackhawks scored 5 in the first period . the blues trailed by 3 in the third period .
jon woke up and went to his living room . his dog was still sleeping . jon decided to wake up his dog . his dog refused to wake up .
jeff started a new job where he would start at four in the morning . the night before he was so nervous that he set three alarms . he was worried he wouldn't wake up that early . that thought stayed with him all night and he barely slept .
i purchased a t-shirt on ebay . since my screen's brightness was low , i didn't see the shirt's color . the package came during the end up the week . i decided to open the box quickly .
marle was a doctor . she performed surgery on mister pink . she took out mister pink's appendix and stitched him up . but mister pink was there for a vasectomy .
jerry was running for class president . he ran a dirty campaign against his opponent . he made up lies and spread rumors . he won by a landslide .
terry had to catch a bus to make it to work on time . however , she met a series of misfortunes on morning . she lost her shoes and her keys . as she walked to the bus stop , she saw the bus starting to pull away .
tom was jealous of his brother . his brother was older and stronger . his brother went wherever he wanted . one day his brother was grounded for staying out too late .
tom was running in the park . his shoe laces became undone and he tripped and fell . tom noticed people laughing at him when he got up . he went to a shoe store and bought shoes with a velcro strap .
the shoe store salesman was rude to me the other day . i told him his attitude was out of line . he quickly lead me out the store . i wrote a letter regarding my experience to the local paper .
shy anna was not very popular in high school . people thought she was too boring . little did they know , by night she was a guitarist in a local band . soon her band was garnering national attention .
i got some bad news this morning . my lifelong friend stacy was moving to europe . as i hung the phone up , i started to cry . i spent all morning going through old picture albums .
sal the radio dj queued up his music for the night and sat down . his assistant said they were having computer issues that day . sal tried to fix it himself but he could not play any songs . instead he just spoke to his listeners for two hours .
greg was a nurse . some people called him a murse . he hated that term because it was stupid and insulting . he punched each of them in the face .
brian was a highschool student who felt sure of his intelligence . he had a big test coming up but felt sure that he would pass . brian did not study for the test . when brian took the test , he realized he was unprepared .
artie had a baseball he had acquired as a child . his father had given it to him as a gift . artie decided to give it to his son as a heirloom . his son lost the ball one day at the park .
i wrote a prompt and posted it online . readers of my prompt wanted more . i wrote a short story that expanded on the prompt . my prompt readers grew and they wanted even more .
james was having a girl over for dinner . he was excited but nervous about cooking a meal . after looking up recipes , he went to the store and got ingredients . he went home and cooked a very nice meal for two .
danny was craving a peanut butter and jelly sandwich . he got out his bread and put on the peanut butter . quickly after he remembered he didn't have jelly . instead of going to store , he just ate it as is .
timmy was going to die of bone cancer . there is no known cure . his final wish is to meet his idol . his favorite singer , billy idol .
my boyfriend took me to amsterdam for new years . it was extremely romantic . we watched the fireworks from our hotel room . afterwards , we took a steaming hot bath together .
fred went on vacation . he got on the bus and headed to miami ! he got some sun on the beach ! he ate lots of fish !
candace is excited that she has moved into her own apartment . she decides to throw a party to celebrate . candace makes food and invites her friends and sister . everyone loves candace's new apartment .
tim stepped out to check the mailbox . he didn't close the door all the way . his dog shot out at a full run . tim tried to catch him but it was too late .
tony wanted to make french fries . he bought a big bag of potatoes . then , he cut the potatoes into strips . he fried the potatoes into french fries .
mary was unhappy . she saw the weather forecast for her prom , and it said rainy . the dance was outdoors and rainy would ruin it ! but then on prom night , the weather cleared .
bob dropped off his car to get an oil change . when he got his car back it started to sound funny . smoke began to come out of his car . the mechanic forgot to put oil in his car .
susan was five year's old when she got her first puppy . she named the puppy sammy . sammy was a black poodle . susan mom bought her another puppy so sammy would have a playmate .
anna was craving candy . she had none in her house ! she was desperate for junk food . she went next door and asked her neighbor .
dave painted in his bed . the splashed some blue on the canvas . the canvas then needed some red ! he then threw in some yellow paint !
aaron sipped a fruity drink on the beach . he had been waiting for this vacation for months . out of nowhere , a volleyball slammed into his lap . his drink was knocked out of his hand .
i was driving down a very unfamiliar , congested highway . the gps directed me to a longer route on a different road . i gladly took the other road , but it soon became a nightmare . the road twisted and turned , and i had no choice but follow the gps .
jill's health class was visiting an acupuncture clinic . their teacher told them that although it was alternative , it worked . during the visit , jill got a horrible migraine . the acupuncturist offered to treat her .
my grandpa took my brothers and i fishing in the summer . we went to a small pond close to his house . he set up our fishing poles and we began to fish . it was so boring when nobody caught any fish .
some kids were in trouble for throwing rocks . the men at the park chased the kids . but the kids were faster , and got away . the adults searched the woods for 20 minutes .
kathy desired to be a physical therapist since she was in high school . in college , she took many classes and applied for graduate school . after a period of waiting , she finally received her acceptance email ! she made her way through schooling and graduated with her degree .
mom thought the living room furniture looked old and shabby . it was time for some new seating . she bought the perfect set . the new furniture looked and felt great .
george was in a bit of a pickle . he had a deadline that was rapidly approaching . he only had a few more pages to go in his book . he sat down at the computer and was struck with inspiration .
alice had a lot of leftover bread . she didn't want to waste it . she decided to mash it all up and make a big batch of bread pudding . it came out looking delicious !
amelia wanted to learn how to sew . amelia's best friend knew how to sew , and so amelia asked her how . her best friend was happy to teach her . after a bit of practice , amelia made a dress .
albert was looking for the perfect gaming mouse for his pc . he searched a variety of sites and read lots of reviews . he found the perfect site with the best prices on what he wanted . he bought an mmo mouse with a very high dpi .
jill was driving her car . she accidentally passed the building she was looking for . she turned around . she then saw her grandma and offered her a ride .
olaf was hiking in the woods when he found another hiker , lost ! the woman had been hiking for hours trying to find her way back . olaf took her back to the base station and fed her . then he helped her make a phone call to her friends .
doug and patty set up a lemonade stand in front of their house . they were surprised how many customers they had . they sold out before noon . they made more , selling all that as well .
jeanne enjoyed watching crime drama on television . her favorite show was cancelled . she wrote a letter to the head of the network . she encouraged her friends to write letters as well .
mark and molly had reservations for a popular restaurant . when they arrived the hostess seated them at their table . they ordered from the menu and waited on their food . when dessert arrived mark asked molly to marry him .
i was working at the front desk . i got a call from a strange number . it was a student wondering about his application for college . he had called the wrong number .
i went back to my hometown last weekend for a big football game . i met up with a bunch of my friends . we started drinking at 1pm for a 7pm game . by kickoff i was pretty drunk .
jake was going on a road trip to see his family . he got in the car and drove . the car's tires exploded due to too much air . jake hitchhiked for 30 miles .
jill was in class nervous . she had a question for the teacher . she was afraid to ask . she finally got the courage to ask the question .
jimmy loved alligators . when he was little , his grandfather took him to an alligator farm . the workers let jimmy sit on an alligator . the reptile didn't like this and tried to bite jimmy .
larry hated going to the mall . he was stuck there last saturday . it was particularly packed due to sales . he started having a panic attack in the middle of a crowd .
gina was in her room . it was in the basement . she had one small window which let in the light . it looked out on the neighbor's yard
there was a home of poor dogs wandering the streets of alaska . they had trouble finding people to feed them . eventually they ran into a rich , old man who took them in . he fed them and gave them a great home .
jack woke up before his alarm at 4:30 am . he was shivering under the blankets . he looked over and saw he had left the window cracked open overnight . a strong , chill wind was blowing in through the open window .
jake lives in flint michigan . one day he went to run himself a bath . he was very upset to see that the water wasn't clean . jake called his mayor to complain .
lara started seeing a therapist . she mentioned this to her mom on the phone . her mom called the therapist , demanding information . she wanted to know all the bad things her daughter was saying .
janie was outside one day when she heard a high-pitched noise nearby . she looked all around for the source of the noise . finally , she found a litter of kittens under a bush ! she decided to take care of the kittens .
pam loved to use coupons . she asked all her friends to give her old newspapers . pam would go through each newspaper and cut out the best coupons . she made an effort to include her daughter to teach her to be frugal .
i like to go to comic conventions . one year , i went with all of my friends . we all had matching costumes . we even won the costume contest !
darla was afraid of spiders . one day , as she was cleaning her room , she saw one on the wall . she screamed and jumped away . she yelled for her father to come in and help .
leon decides to get out of the house one day . he gets his skateboard to go for a ride . leon tries riding down the biggest hill in his town . unfortunately , he falls and bumps his knees .
last night i had the best pizza . i went to bertucci's and had a pepperoni pizza . the sauce was delectable and the meat was divine . i ate the entire thing .
john was working on a science project display for school . when he finished his project , he placed it by his bedroom window . after putting the project down , john left the room and watched tv . while watching tv , john's dog destroyed his project .
a little chipmunk made it's home in ed's backyard . for weeks he tried to feed it a peanut out of his hand . it got a little closer every day . finally , the chipmunk took it .
tray wanted candy . he could not reach the bowl . that did not stop him . he got a stool .
charlie and some neighborhood kids built a snowman . they decided to jazz it up by adding food coloring to color it . they used up all the food coloring in all of their houses . all of their parents were upset because they stained their clothes .
amy liked to take a walk on her break at work . this day she decided to walk to the frozen yogurt place . when she arrived they were closed . this was odd for the middle of the day .
jason decides he wants to get out of his house and see other people . he goes to the local pool hall to play a few games . at the pool hall he meets other guys . he goes home after spending a few hours there .
a kid walked past an old house in his neighborhood . he looked in the windows to see if anyone was home . there was not any signs of an inhabitant . the kid broke in and explored the house .
jane wanted to be a veterinarian . she took many subjects in school towards that goal . one course required that she spend forty hours caring for an animal . jane liked lots of animals and couldn't decide which to choose .
sue had a sore throat . she didn't know what to do . she took cough drops and that didn't work . she made hot tea , and that didn't stop the soreness .
when greg was 5 years old , he received his first dog . it was his favorite kind of dog , and he named it sammy . sammy was a purebred poodle . after a few years , greg came very close to sammy .
i convinced my friend to vote for my favorite candidate . i managed to make them enthusiastic about the process . on election day they never showed up to vote . i forgot to tell them what day it was .
there is this amazing gym near my house . it has all the workout equipment i could ever ask for . the best part is that the membership is only ten dollars per month . that's one of the cheapest i've ever seen .
jane was hiding the kids for her children to hunt . she put them all over the back yard . she hid an egg under a pile of leaves . jane was excited for the children to hunt .
jane needed a new desk . her previous desk was old and falling apart . she went to a store and tried to find a likeable style . jane did not like any of the desks at the store .
kate was on a field trip to the park . she loved the monkey bars the most . there was a line to use them when she got there . when it was her turn , she hopped up gleefully .
mike went with his friends to party in tijuana . they all drank too much and slept way too little . returning from the trip , mike couldn't find his license . as they approached the border , he was extremely nervous .
today was my 21st birthday . since i'm able to drink , my friend took me to a bar . she order her favorite drink , specifically for me . after taking a sip of the drink , i was disgusted .
chuck joints creaked as he stood up from the computer . it was a short walk to the side table where he had left his phone . he was going to make one quick phone call before returning to work . the dogs met him at the door with earnest faces .
ray wanted to get into a good college . he had to write an essay . he tried very hard . he put in a lot of effort .
i was sick of being unemployed . i decided it was time to get a job . i scoured listings on the internet and sent out resumes . finally , a company asked me to come in for an interview .
joe turned on his computer and noticed a problem . there were programs he did not install and he could not delete them . joe went to the store and purchased and antivirus program . joe ran the program on his computer for hours .
jon wanted to become a professional plumber . so , he applied to a trade school . he waited months for his decision . fortunately , he was accepted .
sarah was watching television . a commercial came on for the new xbox . sarah immediately drove to her local electronics store . she bought a new xbox with a headset and extra controller .
shelly wanted a pet . but her mom was allergic to cats . and their apartment was too small for a dog ! then shelly thought of a solution .
rob was in charge of all the people at work . rob though everybody liked him . one day rob heard his employees saying mean things about him . rob's feelings were hurt .
jacob's class went on a field trip to a pumpkin patch . chaos ensued as the children ran to grab pumpkins . unlike the others , a still and observant jacob scanned the field . suddenly , he spotted a large , green gourd peeking out near the fence !
kay loved ice cream . she visited cold stone and discovered they had cinnamon ice cream . she ate cinnamon ice cream every week for 3 months . one day she returned and was told the ice cream was no longer sold .
megan ate the last piece of cake from the fridge at her work . the next day her coworker asked her if she ate their cake . megan lied saying that she wasn't the one . however , another coworker saw her eat it .
tina had a little glass doll she kept in her pocket . one day tina was playing hide and seek . as she was running , tina tripped and fell . when she looked in her pocket she saw that her doll was broken .
cora was nervous . she was at her first haircut appointment ever . she wondered how she would look with short hair . then she saw herself in the mirror and gasped .
peppa's grandpa visited her and her brother george at their house . peppa's grandpa had a green thumb and he planted few seeds in garden . he left and came back after a week to find beautiful flowers had grown . peppa's grandpa took some flowers to grandma as a surprise
gina washed her dad's car . he wasn't satisfied with the job she did . she washed all the missed spots and double checked the car . she had him inspect the car again .
randy wanted to get a dog so bad . randy's mom was allergic to dogs . randy asked if he could move in with his dad . his dad said yes .
johnny rode his bike to the hobby store . he parked his bike out front . when he came out his bike was gone . johnny looked all over .
mike really loves pets . unfortunately his apartment building doesn't allow pets . he tried to persuade building management but they didn't agree . mike decided to volunteer at his local humane society .
tom was hiking one day . he always traveled on the path . soon , the path split into two . he didn't know where to go .
the nurse admitted me into the intensive care unit . when i woke up , there were no lights around . the time was 3:20 in the afternoon . i tried to look outside of the room window .
taj loved to eat mcdonalds . he wrote mcdonald's an email appreciating them for their service . a mcdonald's representative was able to reply the next day . taj got $50 worth of mcdonalds coupons in the mail !
the light didn't come on when jerry flipped the switch in his room . he had to go to the store to buy lightbulbs the next day . he carefully removed the old bulb . the new one was then screwed into place .
micky wanted a job . he began to look in the classifieds in the local paper . he went on several interviews . micky was finally called by one of the companies he applied at .
abby loved candy . she was given her allowance for the week . she decided to spend it all at the candy store . she started to notice a numb ache in her tooth .
del hurried home from work . he was very worried and anxious . his wife had said she had important news for him . but when he got home , he saw his wife was smiling .
i was at work yesterday when my boss came over . he said that we were behind schedule . he asked if i could help out a bit . i would get paid overtime .
we went to a petting zoo together . my friend bought food to feed the animals . she tried to feed a carrot to a cow , but it bit her . she didn't even know cows would bite humans .
neil wanted to see ancient temples and ruins . he decided asia was a great place to start . he flew to cambodia and went sightseeing . he saw so many old temples in the jungles there .
neil loved visiting london ! he thought it was charming and friendly . but he wanted a better view . so he bought a ticket on the huge london eye ferris wheel .
sam hated surprise parties . he found out about one by his wife . she had put in a lot of effort . all of his friends showed up .
joe went fishing . he sat by the river a long time . suddenly his pole went down . joe jumped to his feet .
tori stole a candy cane from her christmas tree . her mother had told her not to . she thought she had gotten away with it . however , her mother noticed and punished her .
it was paula's first day of kindergarten . she was excited to be one of the big kids . when it came time to leave her mother at the door , she cried . eventually paula left her mother and took a seat in class .
ivan was heading to the beach for a day of picnicking . then he remembered he'd forgotten to put ice in the cooler ! he stopped off at a small general store . there , he bought a few big bags of ice and put them in the coolers .
ky was doing her hair . her pigtails were always lopsided ! she just couldn't get them straight . finally she gave up and went to school with lopsided pigtails .
i just became a certified personal trainer ! i have been working at this for years . my wife took me out to dinner to celebrate . i told her at dinner all the plans i have to bring on clients .
yesterday i felt very sick . i had to take the day off . thankfully i was able to relax . i took some soup and rested .
bob was listening to his favorite album on his new stereo system . the sound quality of his new system was great . you could hear the sound clearly from every room in his house . all of a sudden , his cat scratched one of his speakers .
rob loved to play soccer and was on his middle school team . they had just started their season and were playing their first game . rob accidentally tripped over another player during the game . the other player was mad , but rob apologized and kept his composure .
pam left her son with a new babysitter . she told her that her son was allergic to peanut butter . but the babysitter gave him peanut butter oatmeal . the babysitter had to call the hospital .
lindy always wanted a great love in her life . every day she went to the university where she studied with a rose . her plan was to give the rose to a man who would be her great love . lindy didn't know how to talk to a man she thought looking at the rose .
barbara was excited to get her ears pierced . barbara's mother took her to the jewelry store at the mall . barbara picked out her earrings . the worker pierced her ears with a piercing gun .
james was participating in a talent show at school . james was going to sing but was very nervous and nauseous . he finally stepped up on stage and prepared to sing . however , as soon as he began to sing , he threw up all over himself !
sam had been living on the street for years . he survived by begging for money . one day a stranger gave sam a lottery ticket instead of cash . sam won a million dollars !
i was clothes shopping the other day . everything i found was made in china . some stuff was made in vietnam . i couldn't find anything from america .
i was teaching my son to throw a football . he couldn't grasp the ball in one hand . he used both hands to throw it to me like a basketball . then he lobbed it to me underhanded .
sandy recently lost her job . as a consequence , sandy could not pay her mortgage . after several months , sandy's got some bad news . sandy was told her house was being foreclosed on .
my girlfriend and i took a train to new york city . we were going to have dinner and enjoy a night in the city . i took her out for a nice meal and after we went shopping . we both had a great time !
kari's sweater ripped . she needed to buy a new one . she decided to go to the mall . she bought a sweater from armani .
thomas lost his job three weeks ago . he had no idea how he was going to pay his rent . his friend told him about a website that paid five dollars per blog . thomas didn't think he could raise five hundred dollars there .
last week sally came home and found a package in front of her door . she was curious about what might be in the package . she quickly opened the package and couldn't believe her eyes . inside the package was a gift from her best friend .
rico was working really hard on his essay for english . after working on it all night , he decided to take a short nap . he slept in and was late for for school . when he got to school he noticed that his essay was gone .
juanita realizes that she needs warmer clothing to get through winter . she looks for a jacket but at first everything she finds is expensive . finally she finds a jacket she can afford . she buys the jacket and feels much better .
my buddy wanted to become the safety officer at school . he had to go through a bunch of training just to take the test . he loved the training and passed the test . he got the job .
sally went to the store to buy a beach chair . upon exit , she places her wallet on the car's trunk . after placing the chair on the back seat , she drives away . at the beach entrance , she reaches for her wallet to pay to the fee .
vera was driving home from work one day . she was tired and not paying attention . she blew through a stop sign and struck an oncoming car . vera's car was totaled and the other driver was hurt .
amy was 14 year's old . she was starting to feel like an adult . she explained this to her friend lynn , as lynn sat on a swing . lynn didn't care .
donna quit her job today . she realized that her husband makes enough for both of them . she asked her husband if he was okay with her decision . he was and supported her with whatever she decides to do .
we bought a new house . it was perfect , and everything i ever wanted . there was a white fence and a large wrap around porch . our kids will have so many great memories in this house .
mona was in a car accident that broke both of her legs . she was in the hospital and rehab for a month . as soon as she got out , she wanted to go to the movies . she went to the nearest movie theater and bought the ticket .
it was valentine's day and i was excited to see flowers at my door . i rushed inside to open the box . the bouquet was small and mostly dead , not what my husband ordered . i was very upset and started to cry .
sloan has a lot of girlfriends . one day , he decides that he wants to settle down . he gets serious about dating and chooses one girlfriend . he decides she's the one and proposes .
bay wanted to play football . he practiced every day after school . then he tried his best on tryout day . he was so excited when the team posted the results .
josh was invited to go sailing . he met his friends at the marina . instead of a huge yacht , they showed him a tiny boat . the four of them crowded into the boat with little room .
tonya owned a small toad . tanya would always bring her toad with her to a swamp . she would sit with her toad by the side of a pond . one day a fish came and ate her toad !
david's father had painstakingly assembled a collection of rare coins . one day , he found some of his prized coins missing . he questioned davis about their absence . david had taken them for lunch money !
mom took me grocery shopping with her today . we went through all the aisles . i got help mom put items in the cart . she even let me get a special treat .
kelly was excited to try the new starbucks flavor . the flavor was red velvet cake . when she ordered it she took a sip . it was delicious .
june was excited to share gardening with her son . she showed the boy how to pluck weeds , root and all . june and her son worked on separate rows , weeding steadily . when they finished , the boy showed june his pile of weeds .
jane had never gone camping before . one day , jane's friends invited her to go camping with them . jane and her friends went deep into the woods to find a camp ground . when they finally arrived , it was too dark to see anything .
chuck stepped the cabin cruiser and onto the dock . the boat was new as was his knot tying skills . he quickly tied off the boat . the line was long for the restaurant but he eventually got a table .
ed pass a car as he drove to the bank . he tried slowing down after passing but failed . his brakes did no work . ed looked around for something to slow him down .
liz was watching her 4 and 6 year old nieces . she put them in her room to take a nap . they were very quiet so she thought they were asleep . when she checked on them an hour later they were not asleep .
today is hope's birthday . she jumps out of bed excited . she rushed to the bathroom to take a shower . after her shower , she gets ready .
dave loved to dive . dave walked onto the board . he prepared to do a front-flip . dave made a mistake and slammed face down into the water !
lady loved tacos . especially from taco trucks . one day she ordered a taco from a truck . with excitement , she took a bite .
mary was excited , today was her twentieth birthday . when she woke up , she found a big wrapped box in the kitchen . she opened the box and found a brain new pair of ice skates . under the ice skates were two tickets to the ring tonight with kim .
jimmy wandered around the city looking for a place for a soda . before he knew it , he was in an unfamiliar area . he was scared of strangers and didn't want to ask anyone . soon a policeman came by and asked if he was lost .
kimberly and her family went on a vacation to duck , north carolina . they rented a beach house so that they could all stay in one spot . they relaxed on the beach almost every single day . the highlight of the trip was seeing a lighthouse .
at the time it seemed like a good idea . the bus driver parked and went into a bathroom at a gas station . andre jumped in the driver's seat and drove off . he drove to three stops and picked up passengers .
tom and sally wanted to have kids . they tried several times without any success . it turned out that sally had medical issues she needed addressed . once she got that taken care of they tried again .
my class went to a butterfly village for their field trip . they had the opportunity to go throughout the place . several butterflies were attached on to us . everyone also had the opportunity to seek knowledge .
denise had been trying to save her money for a long time . she had been selling lemonade . she would take her money and put it in a pink piggy bank . the day came when it was so full she couldn't fit any more in it .
kelly had to raise money for her cheerleading uniform . she decided to hold a bake sale . she made tons of cakes and brownies . then she set up shop outside her house .
michael was a dog lover . one day he went to his friends house . his friend owned a dog was a bit sick . michael took him to the vet .
sara really wanted a new dress for prom . however she could not afford one . she decided to make her own . she gathered the materials and set to work .
mr washington stalked tracy's best friend mckevin . mr washington did it to find out more about tracy . mckevin told tracy about mr washington's stalking . tracy and mckevin set a trap for mr washington .
jen wanted all of her family to be together for christmas . she planned a fun party and invited everyone . all of her friends showed up , but not her family . jen was very sad .
amelia took her little sister to the park . she told her sister to play , and took out her iphone . when she looked up , she realized her sister was gone ! she raced through the park , screaming her sister's name .
ana was crafting a blouse . she wanted to adorn it with beads . she went to the craft store . she bought fancy beads and brought them home .
kori liked to dress up for comic conventions . she decided to dress up as her favorite character for an upcoming one . she worked very hard for months on her costume . she entered the cosplay contest at the convention .
maureen has just moved into a new apartment and still has no mirror . she drives to the store to look for a good mirror she can use . finally maureen finds a beautiful , full length mirror . her friend helps her get the heavy mirror into her apartment .
there was a mysterious sound from bob's basement . he took went to the steps and flicked the light . the bulb flickered on and then off quickly . bob gave up on the light and went down to investigate .
after i arrived at the hospital , i got a bracelet . it had my personal information on it . my forehead was itching and i reached out for it . the bottom of the bracelet scratched my face .
the principal came out of his office and left the main office . gina was surprised since she had been waiting 20 minutes . she thought for sure it was finally her turn . but he didn't acknowledge she was there at all .
millie's best friend nicky was about to become a great-grandma . nicky asked millie to crochet a blanket for the new baby . millie made a beautiful blue and gray blanket with a little hat too . nicky gave it to her granddaughter today at the baby shower .
i went grocery shopping the other day . i had a long list of items . i picked up every item on the list but one . there were no carrots in the whole store .
every monday ruth went to lunch with iris . they always sat in the same booth and had the same waitress . today they had a different waitress . she didn't know what the ladies wanted .
kate had math homework that she needed to do . she sat at the table and tried to focus . she avoided distraction by turning off her phone . kate worked for two hours .
sandy went to the beach with her aunt theresa . she was so excited to play in the water she forgot the sunblock . sandy had so much fun playing in the sand and water . however , when the day ended she was sore and red .
sally had a test . she was determined to make an a . sally studied for a week straight . when she got to test day , she went blank .
steven avery committed murder . burned human remains were found on his property . steven was the last person to see the female murder victim alive . he was arrested , charged , tried , and convicted of murder .
an ambulance rushed to ollie's house after he called 911 . the medics arrived and placed him on the stretcher . they wheeled him to the ambulance . he was placed inside and rushed to the hospital .
one day alice decided to climb the tallest tree in her yard . she got to the top , but was too scared to climb back down ! alice's dad had to get the ladder to climb up to get her . they made it safely to the ground , but alice learned a big lesson .
i was stuck in traffic and very hungry . i knew i wouldn't make it home in time , and needed food . i decided to get fast food , but didn't know where from . i finally decided on subway , and parked my car .
tim was in class writing story . all of a sudden , he ran out of paper . there was none in his backpack . he started crying .
lenny wanted to learn to practice hypnosis . he did a lot of research about how to do it well . he found out that hypnosis doesn't work like he thought . he found that hypnosis is more of a parlor trick than a power .
abby skated on her rollerblades down the driveway . her father was pulling in and didn't see her . he accidentally hit her as she skated down . abby's arm was broken .
cindy felt like eating french toast for breakfast . she couldn't wait to cook it . after she finished , she happily started eating . but she began to feel sick and tired .
neil had just arrived in morocco . he loved the exotic feel of it . the language was beautiful . and the people were so friendly , too !
mable loved animals . one day mabel went for a walk . mable saw a baby coon . she took it home with her .
ness wanted a bird as a pet . she went to the pet store . the owner suggested she get two parakeets to keep her company . ness bought the two pretty birds and took them home .
ken's football team was losing the game . the game was almost over and they needed seven points to win . then ken threw a touchdown and scored ! the fans and the team cheered him loudly .
my mom would be the only one who would wave to the easter bunny . there would often be someone on the street corner dressed up . my mom would take the moment wave and honk her horn . no one else paid that much attention .
matt's children's room was now too small for all three children . matt couldn't afford to move to another house . matt talked with his wife about their options . they both agreed it best to switch the children into the master suite .
mia opened a cafe when she was thirty . after five years , the cafe got really successful . one day a celebrity visited her cafe . the celebrity was so impressed that they tweeted about it .
i came home from the doctor this morning . i saw my friend joe waiting in the lobby . he is 98 , needs a walker , and was trying to vote . my friend bert graciously offered to take him .
lou needed some money for a video game . he put fliers in his neighbor's mailboxes offering to mow their lawns . he had six jobs lined up in just a few hours . he did so well he kept his business going .
lindsey was feeling especially antsy at school . she did not want to go to lacrosse practice after school . she tried to fake a sickness , but nobody believed her . lindsey ended up skipping practice without an excuse .
janet was excited to get some pancakes . her favorite fast food joint served them all day . she went there after work . when she got there they told her they were out .
the first time i went on a boat was with a family vacation . we were all excited because it was my first time . unfortunately i fell over the side railing and almost drowned . my cousin jumped in to save me and dragged me out .
it was the third time jenna lost her keys this week . she had a bowl to put them in but always forgot . she looked everywhere . eventually she gave up and used the spare set .
i was trying to learn how to juggle . i went to a club every day to learn this art . it was very difficult . i eventually was able to get one rep in .
kyle was working as a lifeguard at the local pool . one day , a little boy started thrashing around in the deep side . kyle realized the boy was drowning . he jumped into the pool and grabbed the boy .
my sister had an emergency . she needed a babysitter right away . i told her i would watch my nephew . we had a lot of fun reading books all afternoon .
my first vehicle was a john deer tractor . i learned to drive it when i was ten year's old . my favorite thing to do on the farm was drive through the fields . it made me feel powerful driving large machines .
zach was sick of his small apartment . he decided to get a larger apartment . then he realized he needed help moving . luckily , zach's girlfriend was able to help him move .
abe failed at his current project of creating allure . he was really bummed but decided to take action . abe spent years in studying cosmetics and marketing . he then gave creating allure another go .
jane woke up and decided to exercise . jane woke up jill . jill suggested to jane that they should run . both of the girls went outside for a run .
jenny's mom took her to the orchard . it was the first time she'd seen apples on trees ! her mom hoisted her on her shoulder so jenny could reach . jenny grabbed a bright red apple from a tree .
sora was failing her math class . she asked her teacher if she could do anything to help herself . the teacher offered her an extra credit report . sora put a lot of effort into her report .
ina was making lunch for her family . she cooked lots of food . then she asked them all to the table . they sat and ate together .
susie and mitch were attending a play at their university . it was a performance of romeo and juliet . mitch fell asleep halfway through the performance . susie had to slap him in order to wake him up .
in 2002 the boston lyric opera performed carmen . this time they did it for free on the boston common . i attended the performance on a hot summer day . i was near the stage and enjoyed listening to the opera .
sam wanted to lose some weight . he decided to run everyday after dinner . he eventually built up his endurance . sam felt great after exercising consistently .
kenny was an electrical engineer . he loved working with circuits and wiring panels . one day he accidentally electrocuted himself badly . he was injured and scared .
gina had gotten her allowance . she went to the store and bought a tube of cookie dough . she had been waiting a whole week to try it . she walked home anxious to make cookies .
susie needed to upgrade her old smartphone . she went to sprint to look at the different models . a worker there was really helpful and told her a lot about each phone . susie soaked in the information that she was told .
scott paddled his canoe across the big lake . the canoe was suddenly tipped over by a large wave . scott struggled to turn his canoe right side up again . with great effort , scott was able to right his canoe and climb aboard .
tory loved thanksgiving . she decided to make the turkey for her family's holiday feast . it was a lot of work , but finally the turkey was finished . when she took it to dinner , everyone loved it .
brenda was at summer camp . she was lying in bed and trying to go to sleep . suddenly , she heard a spooky noise . the noise terrified her and kept up all night .
sam was an exceptional ice skater . one day , sam decided to try hockey . he and his friend practiced together every chance they could . they went to tryouts and did their best .
karen's friend called her to see if she wanted to hang out . karen agreed and they met at a coffee shop . they talked for a couple hours before going to a spa . afterwards , they had dinner together and watched a movie .
sara and her cousins went to play paintball . sara donned the vest and gun . then she stalked her cousins . she wasn't sure how well she'd do .
lee lost his first baby tooth . he was so happy ! he placed it under his pillow . in the morning he checked .
sharon liked volunteering at the animal shelter . she spent many hours working with rescued dogs and cats . although she wasn't paid , she felt rewarded by her work . the owner of the shelter was very grateful for sharon's help .
lisa makes celebration cakes for a living . she was asked to make a grand five tier wedding cake . she is very excited and a bit nervous about this . she outdoes herself and makes the most beautiful wedding cake ever .
kev and kate were fighting badly . they decided they needed help . they went to see a therapist . the therapist was helpful and friendly .
gloria was excited about her night out . every week she looks forward to getting together with friends . they all go out to dinner and then to the bingo hall . she doesn't win often but when she does she celebrates .
ruth was generally a nice person . but she had a deep love for expensive things . at a dinner party with her best friend , she admired the silverware . she loved her friend , but loved silver even more .
cal got an ice cream making machine for his birthday . he was so excited to try it out ! he added all the ingredients . then he turned the crank and watched eagerly .
jill and her band had a concert coming up . they were a new band and needed practice . they spent the coming weeks practicing very hard . when the concert arrived , they were well rehearsed .
bob's family packed their bags for their trip to florida . they drove to the airport and got on the plane . the plane landed , and they went to their hotel . at the hotel , they ordered room service and went to bed .
marie had to get a flu shot , but she was afraid of needles . she waited in line for her shot , anxious the whole time . when she sat down in the chair , she thought she would faint . then , the nurse told her she was done .
i just started doing ebay for my sister in law . she lost her husband a few months ago . she wanted to sell things on ebay in order to keep busy . i listed twelve items for her and made $120 . 00
kristen found a new hobby . the hobby was couponing . she spent countless hours yesterday clipping coupons . the hard work paid off because kristen saved hundreds today .
lana was overweight and out of shape for most of her life . as a young adult , she finally got tired of being overweight . she began regularly exercising and eating healthier . by the end of the year , she finally felt ready to hike a mountain .
frank thought he was the best at football in the neighborhood . he challenged his friends at the park . robert ended up outperforming frank the whole game . frank , being a good person , took it in stride .
jim went out to eat . he ordered the stake . he ate it up with a smile . however , he could not pay the sixty dollar bill .
bill was eating dinner with his family . he sudden felt ill after eating his mom's spaghetti . he asked to be excused . bill quickly ran to the bathroom and puked .
as soon as the light turned green , the cars accelerated . jimmy took the lead until the third lap . brian caught up and was ahead by a few feet . the lead became bigger since brian's far was faster .
mitch had really bad acne . he ordered acne wash from amazon . he washed his face with the acne wash every morning . his face cleared up within a few weeks .
tommy was only 9 years old and always getting in trouble . one day he told his friend tim that he was going to run away . he went home and packed his clothes . he decided to leave that night .
jack helped his dad carve a pumpkin . he drew the design he wanted . his dad guided his hands in using the knife . he carved out the design .
my husband loves tv . he watches it too much . watching tv can cause bad eyesight . my husband had problems with his eyes .
jan was having a birthday trip in hawaii . she was super excited to have some fun . her best friend kristin was disappointed she was not invited . kristen tried asking jan if she could be invited .
joey wanted to learn how to make pasta like his mom . he went to visit her . he asked her to teach him to make lasagna . she showed him all the steps and gave him the recipe .
alice adopted a pit bull puppy earlier this year . she was worried that people would judge him because of his breed . she took him to puppy classes and trained him properly . alice loved him and used a lot of positive reinforcement .
i used to see an old man walk down the street every day . one day , to my surprise , he wasn't there ! i asked everyone what had happened to him . nobody knew , i thought that he had died !
tom is in class . it just started and he's already bored . he can't pay any attention in class . he dozed off .
nina loved drawing from an early age . she practiced and practiced and got really good . nina went to art school but needed some cash . nina began to sell her art on deviantart .
destini and allison love music . every week the two women have coffee and talk about the latest music . this week allison got sick and could not make it . destini was sad but understood , and instead came to allison's house .
lexi wanted a pie for her birthday instead of a cake . and she told everyone two week before . but when it was lexi's birthday , she didn't get a pie . lexi was disappointed .
anne fell while ice skating . she twisted her ankle beneath her . her mom rushed her to the emergency room . there , they wrapped anne's ankle in a soft cast .
my sister in law had some items she wanted to sell on ebay . she is not very savvy at this , so she asked me to sell for her . i listed a pocket watch and some cufflinks . they sold for $140 .
aaron was a shepherd with three dogs . one of his dogs was old but still energetic . one night wolves started killing his sheep . the old dog fought the wolves and chased them off .
everyone in class was talking to each other . there was a sound that signaled an announcement . the principal warned the school about an upcoming hurricane . the teacher told the class to rest on their knees .
lewis went skating with his friends . they had so much fun . no one wanted to go home . they order pizza and ate lunch there .
holly is pregnant . she's scared because she doesn't know if she is ready to have a child . nine months later her child is born . holly looks at her newborn son and sees how much she loves him .
paul loves playing video games . his computer was having trouble keeping up with the latest ones . he decided to upgrade . after a while his entire computer was practically new .
harris and his dad made plans to go hunting . his dad took him to a gun range to practice . on the morning the the trip , they packed several bags . when they arrived up , they set up camp .
stephanie had just moved into her boyfriend's apartment . she didn't like the way he decorated . she tried to drop subtle hints but he ignored all of them . finally she decided to make some changes while he was at work .
sadie loved growing tomatoes and peppers in her backyard . sadie would grind them together and make a delicious salsa . she began selling it to people to use at their parties . her business started expanding rapidly as demand increased .
my mom came home sad today . i decided to ask her if she's alright . she didn't say anything . being considerate , i decided to leave her alone .
sam was on the elevator to reach his apartment . all of a sudden , the lights in the elevator went out . he was stuck on the elevator with the power out . sam texted his girlfriend while he waited in the elevator .
tom slept through his alarm and was late for work today . his boss told him he has been late multiple times this month . he told tom to figure something out so he shows up on time . tom went out and bought three alarm clocks .
tim was fishing on the bank . he felt a bit on his line . he yanked up real hard . the fish on his line flew out of the water .
susan looked forward to sunday . every sunday susan and her grandpa would take a walk into town . when they got to town they would stop at the ice cream shop . susan and her grandpa always order a hot fudge sundae .
wendell always wanted to learn how to swim . he signed up for swimming lessons at his local ymca . he felt nervous getting in the water for the first time . eventually , he got the hang of propelling himself in the water .
coach reid implemented a rigorous boot camp for preseason . every night the players would do a series of military exercises . the coaches hoped this would instill discipline within the players . although at the time , the players resented it , they grew as a team .
at school , joanie heard some girls talking about church . they asked joan if she was a christian . when joanie shook her head , the girls shunned her . joanie told her mom about it .
sue was a very fit woman . she worked out on a daily basis . sue found out she was expecting a baby . she continued to workout during the pregnancy .
kelly and her friends wanted to try the new asian fusion restaurant . they absolutely loved asian food . as soon as they walked in the atmosphere was great . the food was delicious .
harris was poor . he decided to rob a bank . he held up the bank at gunpoint and stole thousands of dollars . he escaped in his getaway car .
amy was happy it was saturday . she didn't want to go to school and face her friends . they all wanted to hear about the big game . that was the last thing she wanted to discuss .
gina and her friends were at the library at school . but the librarian had left , and locked the door . the girls sat on the floor in the hallway and waited . soon , they were concerned she may not be returning .
bani heard that the museum had a dinosaur exhibit . he begged his mom to take him . she took him the very next day . bani excitedly walked through the exhibit .
ben was shopping at a walmart . he was looking for anything that seemed cool to him . ben noticed a large adult kite was on sale . he bought the kite and went back home .
alison's fan had three settings . when she put it on the most powerful one it wobbled . her new boyfriend didn't know this and put it as such . it wobbled to the point of spinning off .
jessica likes to get coffee before work . one morning she was running five minutes late . when she got to the coffee shop , the line was very long . she had to go to work without coffee that morning .
i screamed into the void to see if there were any more survivors . between the echos of my yell i thought i heard something . i walked toward the sound of the voice . it grew louder the closer i got .
i went driving the other day . after putting the key in , i turned the ignition . it wasn't long before i was on the road ! i went to a grocery store to see if there were any deals .
sarah wanted to build her new lego kit . she unpacked all of the pieces . she read the directions . she followed the steps to build the kit .
one afternoon sallie took her dog , gibby , to the dog park . gibby was always afraid of the other dogs at the park . but this time , she met another dog who was also just as afraid . both dogs greeted each other with wagging tails .
mike would go to his friends house . they would play sega for hours . all different kinds of games . after hours he'd finally head home .
i had to reprimand two employees that worked at different locations . i hated doing it and thought the matter was done with . weeks later , one left a message about a question on paperwork . i phoned with : " it's me " and she said horrible things about me .
hannah had a beautiful cat that she loved very much . however , she noticed that her cat was getting very old . one day , her cat ran away and never came back . hannah was devastated .
amy's class was going to the museum on a field trip . amy was excited to view the king tut exhibit . amy asked the information desk where to find the exhibit . the lady informed her the exhibit left the month before .
larry hasn't eaten all day . he is afraid he doesn't have any food at home to eat . finally he notices that he has instant noodles in his cupboard . he boils water to cook the noodles .
tim got his first job . but it required him to sit for long hours . tim wanted to spend the money he earned on a car . but instead , he had to spend it on back surgery .
carl sent a valentine to the girl he liked named katie . but the college mailroom accidentally delivered it to the wrong katie ! the wrong katie was delighted by the valentine she thought was hers . out of pity , carl took her on a date that night .
derek was driving at night . suddenly his car buckled and he was forced to pull over . there was smoke coming from under the hood . he noticed this and got out of the car quickly .
rex had always loved birds . one day his friend recommended they go birding at a local park . rex and his friend saw finches , sparrows , and other birds . they talked about all the birds they had seen over ice cream later .
my grandma was on her deathbed . she told me to always take out time for the little things . i try to live this daily . i try to enjoy the things people normally take for granted .
tina invited todd to dinner . she went to the fish market for something special . she was frightened by all the fish eyes staring at her . she left without buying anything .
wallace had a passion for gardening . he had been gardening since he was ten years of age . wallace followed his passion well into his college years . wallace graduated from college with a degree in biology .
tam felt defeated as she looked at her lawn covered with dandelions . kids came to her daycare , one of them picking a dandelion for tam . tam had an idea . before they left , tam told the kids to pick a bouquet for their moms .
